a                             a
a'                            a'
a`                            a`
a~                            a~
aacho                         aach
aacute                        aacut
abacaxi                       abacax
abade                         abad
abaete'                       abaet
abafar                        abaf
abafaram                      abaf
abaixa                        abaix
abaixe                        abaix
abaixei                       abaix
abaixo                        abaix
abaixou                       abaix
abalada                       abal
abalado                       abal
abalaram                      abal
abalos                        abal
abalou                        abal
abalroado                     abalro
abandona                      abandon
abandona'                     abandon
abandonada                    abandon
abandonadas                   abandon
abandonado                    abandon
abandonados                   abandon
abandonam                     abandon
abandonando                   abandon
abandonar                     abandon
abandonara                    abandon
abandonaram                   abandon
abandonasse                   abandon
abandono                      abandon
abandonou                     abandon
abarrotado                    abarrot
abarrotados                   abarrot
abarrotou                     abarrot
abastada                      abast
abastado                      abast
abastados                     abast
abastecem                     abastec
abastecer                     abastec
abastecida                    abastec
abastecimento                 abastec
abata                         abat
abate                         abat
abatedouro                    abatedour
abatem                        abat
abatendo                      abat
abater                        abat
abateram                      abat
abates                        abat
abateu                        abat
abatia                        abat
abatidas                      abat
abatido                       abat
abatidos                      abat
abaulado                      abaul
abbe'                         abbe'
abbey                         abbey
abc                           abc
abcesso                       abcess
abdel                         abdel
abdela                        abdel
abdias                        abdi
abdicac,a~o                   abdic
abdicar                       abdic
abdomen                       abdomen
abdo^men                      abdo^men
abdominais                    abdomin
abdominal                     abdominal
abecafe'                      abecaf
abel                          abel
abenc,oadas                   abenc,o
aberrac,o~es                  aberr
aberta                        abert
abertamente                   abert
abertas                       abert
aberto                        abert
abertos                       abert
abertura                      abertur
abic                          abic
abicair                       abica
abichequer                    abichequ
abifarma                      abifarm
abih                          abih
abilio                        abili
abi'lio                       abi'li
abismo                        abism
abissais                      abiss
abissal                       abissal
abnegac,a~o                   abneg
abocanhar                     abocanh
abolic,a~o                    abolic,a~
abolicionistas                abolicion
abolido                       abol
abolir                        abol
abomina                       abomin
abominac,a~o                  abomin
abomina'veis                  abomin
abomina'vel                   abomin
abono                         abon
aborda                        abord
abordada                      abord
abordadas                     abord
abordado                      abord
abordagem                     abordag
abordagens                    abordagens
abordando                     abord
abordar                       abord
abordava                      abord
abordavam                     abord
abori'gines                   abori'gin
aborrece                      aborrec
aborrecidi'ssima              aborrecidi'ssim
aborrecido                    aborrec
aborrecidos                   aborrec
aborrecimentos                aborrec
aborto                        abort
abortos                       abort
abouch                        abouch
abra                          abra
abraa~o                       abraa~
abrac,ada                     abrac
abracadabra                   abracadabr
abrac,ando                    abrac
abrac,aram                    abrac
abrac,o                       abrac
abrac,os                      abrac
abrafe                        abraf
abraha~o                      abraha~
abram                         abram
abrandar                      abrand
abrange                       abrang
abrange^ncia                  abrangent
abrangendo                    abrang
abrangente                    abrangent
abranger                      abrang
abrasador                     abras
abrasivo                      abras
abre                          abre
abrem                         abrem
abresi                        abres
abreu                         abreu
abreviac,a~o                  abrevi
abreviado                     abrevi
abri                          abri
abriga                        abrig
abrigada                      abrig
abrigam                       abrig
abrigar                       abrig
abrigaram                     abrig
abrigarem                     abrig
abrigaria                     abrig
abrigo                        abrig
abrigou                       abrig
abril                         abril
abrimos                       abrim
abrindo                       abrind
abrinq                        abrinq
abrir                         abrir
abrira'                       abrir
abriram                       abrir
abrira~o                      abrira~
abrisse                       abriss
abriu                         abriu
abrolhos                      abrolh
abrucio                       abruci
abruptamente                  abrupt
absoluta                      absolut
absolutamente                 absolut
absolutas                     absolut
absoluto                      absolut
absolutos                     absolut
absolve                       absolv
absolvem                      absolv
absolver                      absolv
absolveram                    absolv
absolverem                    absolv
absolveu                      absolv
absolvido                     absolv
absorc,a~o                    absorc,a~
absorvam                      absorv
absorve                       absorv
absorvente                    absorvent
absorventes                   absorvent
absorver                      absorv
absorviam                     absorv
absorvida                     absorv
abstem                        abstem
abste^mio                     abste^mi
abstenc,a~o                   abstenc,a~
absteve                       abstev
abstine^ncia                  abstinent
abstratamente                 abstrat
abstratas                     abstrat
absurda                       absurd
absurdamente                  absurd
absurdas                      absurd
absurdo                       absurd
absurdos                      absurd
abuelita                      abuelit
abujamra                      abujamr
abunda^ncia                   abunda^nc
abundante                     abundant
abusando                      abus
abusar                        abus
abuse                         abus
abuso                         abus
abusos                        abus
abusou                        abus
acaba                         acab
acabadas                      acab
acabado                       acab
acabados                      acab
acabam                        acab
acabamento                    acab
acabamos                      acab
acabando                      acab
acabar                        acab
acabara                       acab
acabaram                      acab
acabaria                      acab
acabasse                      acab
acabassem                     acab
acabava                       acab
acabavam                      acab
acabe                         acab
acabei                        acab
acabemos                      acab
acabo                         acab
acabou                        acab
acabrunham                    acabrunh
academia                      academ
academias                     academ
acade^mica                    acade^m
acade^micas                   acade^m
acade^mico                    acade^m
acade^micos                   acade^m
acahuazu'                     acahuazu'
acalantado                    acalant
acalmar                       acalm
acampada                      acamp
acampamento                   acamp
acampamentos                  acamp
acampamos                     acamp
acampando                     acamp
acampem                       acamp
acanhadas                     acanh
acanhado                      acanh
ac,a~o                        ac,a~
acareac,a~o                   acar
acari                         acar
acarpetada                    acarpet
acarreta                      acarret
acarretar                     acarret
acasalam                      acasal
acaso                         acas
acatada                       acat
acatara'                      acat
acatou                        acat
accelerati                    accelerat
accor                         accor
ace                           ace
aceita                        aceit
aceita'                       aceit
aceitac,a~o                   aceit
aceitam                       aceit
aceitamos                     aceit
aceitando                     aceit
aceitar                       aceit
aceitaram                     aceit
aceitara~o                    aceit
aceitaria                     aceit
aceitariam                    aceit
aceitava                      aceit
aceita'vel                    aceit
aceitei                       aceit
aceitem                       aceit
aceito                        aceit
aceitos                       aceit
aceitou                       aceit
acelera                       acel
acelerac,a~o                  aceler
acelerada                     aceler
acelerado                     aceler
acelerador                    aceler
aceleramento                  aceler
acelerar                      aceler
aceleraram                    aceler
acelerava                     aceler
acelerou                      aceler
acena                         acen
acenam                        acen
acenar                        acen
acende^                       acend
acender                       acend
acenderam                     acend
acendeu                       acend
acendiam                      acend
acendo                        acend
acentuada                     acentu
acentuadas                    acentu
acentuado                     acentu
acentuados                    acentu
acentuem                      acentu
acerca                        acerc
acertado                      acert
acertados                     acert
acertando                     acert
acertar                       acert
acertaram                     acert
acertasse                     acert
acertava                      acert
acerto                        acert
acertou                       acert
acesa                         aces
acessadas                     acess
acessado                      acess
acessar                       acess
acessi'vel                    acess
acesso                        acess
acesso'rias                   acesso'r
acesso'rio                    acesso'ri
acesso'rios                   acesso'ri
acessos                       acess
acetona                       aceton
acha                          acha
acha'                         acha'
achacando                     achac
achado                        achad
achados                       achad
acham                         acham
achamos                       acham
achando                       achand
achaque                       achaqu
achar                         achar
achara'                       achar
acharam                       achar
acharem                       achar
achasse                       achass
achava                        achav
achavam                       achav
ache                          ache
ache'                         ache'
achei                         ache
achismo                       achism
acho                          acho
achou                         achou
a'cidas                       a'cid
acidentado                    acident
acidentados                   acident
acidental                     acidental
acidente                      acident
acidentes                     acident
acidez                        acidez
a'cido                        a'cid
acima                         acim
acionadas                     acion
acionado                      acion
acionar                       acion
acionaram                     acion
aciona'rio                    aciona'ri
acionei                       acion
acionista                     acion
acionistas                    acion
acionou                       acion
acirrada                      acirr
acirram                       acirr
acirrava                      acirr
ackerman                      ackerman
aclamado                      aclam
aclarados                     aclar
aclarar                       aclar
acm                           acm
acne                          acne
ac,o                          ac,o
acobertar                     acobert
ac,o~es                       ac,o~
ac,oitado                     ac,oit
ac,oites                      ac,oit
acolhe^                       acolh
acolhedor                     acolhedor
acolhem                       acolh
acomete                       acomet
acometem                      acomet
acometido                     acomet
ac,ominas                     ac,omin
acomoda                       acomod
acomodac,a~o                  acomod
acomodac,o~es                 acomod
acomodadas                    acomod
acomodado                     acomod
acomodar                      acomod
acomodaram                    acomod
acomodaria                    acomod
acomodava                     acomod
acomodo                       acomod
acompanha                     acompanh
acompanha'                    acompanh
acompanhada                   acompanh
acompanhadas                  acompanh
acompanhado                   acompanh
acompanhados                  acompanh
acompanham                    acompanh
acompanhamento                acompanh
acompanhando                  acompanh
acompanhante                  acompanhant
acompanhantes                 acompanhant
acompanhar                    acompanh
acompanhara'                  acompanh
acompanhava                   acompanh
acompanhe                     acompanh
acompanhei                    acompanh
acompanho                     acompanh
acompanhou                    acompanh
aconca'gua                    aconca'gu
aconchegante                  aconchegant
aconchegantes                 aconchegant
aconchego                     aconcheg
aconselha                     aconselh
aconselhada                   aconselh
aconselhadas                  aconselh
aconselhado                   aconselh
aconselhados                  aconselh
aconselham                    aconselh
aconselhar                    aconselh
aconselhara                   aconselh
aconselhavam                  aconselh
aconselha'vel                 aconselh
aconselhou                    aconselh
acontec,a                     acontec
acontec,am                    acontec
acontece                      acontec
acontecem                     acontec
acontecendo                   acontec
acontecer                     acontec
acontecera                    acontec
acontecera'                   acontec
aconteceram                   acontec
aconteceria                   acontec
aconteceu                     acontec
acontecia                     acontec
aconteciam                    acontec
acontecido                    acontec
acontecimento                 acontec
acontecimentos                acontec
acoplada                      acopl
acoplado                      acopl
acoplados                     acopl
acoplamento                   acopl
acoplando                     acopl
acorda                        acord
acordadas                     acord
acordados                     acord
acordam                       acord
acordamos                     acord
acordar                       acord
acordaram                     acord
acordava                      acord
acordes                       acord
acordo                        acord
acordos                       acord
acordou                       acord
acostuma                      acostum
acostumada                    acostum
acostumadas                   acostum
acostumado                    acostum
acostumados                   acostum
acostumam                     acostum
acostumar                     acostum
acostumaram                   acostum
acostumou                     acostum
ac,ougue                      ac,oug
acovardada                    acovard
acre                          acre
acredita                      acredit
acreditam                     acredit
acreditamos                   acredit
acreditando                   acredit
acreditar                     acredit
acreditara'                   acredit
acreditarmos                  acredit
acreditava                    acredit
acreditavam                   acredit
acredite                      acredit
acreditei                     acredit
acreditem                     acredit
acredito                      acredit
acreditou                     acredit
acrescenta                    acrescent
acrescentada                  acrescent
acrescentado                  acrescent
acrescentam                   acrescent
acrescentando                 acrescent
acrescentar                   acrescent
acrescentava                  acrescent
acrescente                    acrescent
acrescentou                   acrescent
acrescida                     acresc
acre'scimo                    acre'scim
acroba'ticas                  acroba't
activation                    activation
actor                         actor
actors                        actors
acuada                        acu
ac,ucar                       ac,uc
ac,u'car                      ac,u'c
ac,u'cares                    ac,u'c
aculturado                    acultur
acumula                       acumul
acumulac,a~o                  acumul
acumuladas                    acumul
acumulado                     acumul
acumulador                    acumul
acumulados                    acumul
acumulam                      acumul
acumulando                    acumul
acumular                      acumul
acumulavam                    acumul
acumule                       acumul
acu'mulo                      acu'mul
acumulou                      acumul
acupuntura                    acupuntur
acupunturista                 acupuntur
acupunturistas                acupuntur
acusa                         acus
acusac,a~o                    acus
acusac,o~es                   acus
acusada                       acus
acusado                       acus
acusados                      acus
acusam                        acus
acusamos                      acus
acusando                      acus
acusar                        acus
acusaram                      acus
acusava                       acus
acusavam                      acus
acusou                        acus
acu'stica                     acu'st
adair                         ada
adami                         adam
adams                         adams
ada~o                         ada~
adaptac,a~o                   adapt
adaptac,o~es                  adapt
adaptada                      adapt
adaptadas                     adapt
adaptado                      adapt
adaptados                     adapt
adaptar                       adapt
adaptara                      adapt
adaptaram                     adapt
adaptou                       adapt
adauto                        adaut
adega                         adeg
adegas                        adeg
adelaide                      adelaid
ade'lia                       ade'l
adelmo                        adelm
ademais                       adem
adensar                       adens
adepta                        adept
adepto                        adept
adeptos                       adept
adequac,a~o                   adequ
adequada                      adequ
adequadamente                 adequ
adequadas                     adequ
adequado                      adequ
adequados                     adequ
adequar                       adequ
adere                         ader
aderem                        ader
adere^ncia                    aderent
aderente                      aderent
aderir                        ader
aderiram                      ader
aderirem                      ader
aderiu                        ader
ades                          ades
adesa~o                       adesa~
adesistas                     ades
adesiva                       ades
adesivo                       ades
adesivos                      ades
adeso~es                      adeso~
adeus                         adeus
adhemar                       adhem
adiada                        adi
adiamentos                    adiament
adiando                       adi
adianta                       adiant
adiantado                     adiant
adiantamento                  adiant
adiantar                      adiant
adiante                       adiant
adiantou                      adiant
adiar                         adi
adib                          adib
adiciona                      adicion
adicionada                    adicion
adicionado                    adicion
adicionais                    adicion
adicional                     adicional
adicionam                     adicion
adicionando                   adicion
adicionar                     adicion
adicionasse                   adicion
adido                         adid
adilson                       adilson
adiou                         adi
adir                          adir
adivinhac,a~o                 adivinh
adivinhar                     adivinh
adivinhato'rio                adivinhato'ri
adjetivo                      adjet
adjetivos                     adjet
adjudicar                     adjudic
adjunto                       adjunt
adler                         adler
administra                    administr
administrac,a~o               administr
administrac,o~es              administr
administrada                  administr
administrado                  administr
administrador                 administr
administradora                administr
administradoras               administr
administradores               administr
administrados                 administr
administram                   administr
administrar                   administr
administrativa                administr
administrativamente           administr
administrativas               administr
administrativo                administr
administrativos               administr
adminstrac,a~o                adminstr
admira                        admir
admirac,a~o                   admir
admirada                      admir
admiradas                     admir
admirado                      admir
admirador                     admir
admiradores                   admir
admirando                     admir
admirar                       admir
admirei                       admir
admiro                        admir
admissa~o                     admissa~
admite                        admit
admitem                       admit
admitia                       admit
admitida                      admit
admitido                      admit
admitidos                     admit
admitimos                     admit
admitindo                     admit
admitir                       admit
admitiram                     admit
admitiu                       admit
admito                        admit
adobe                         adob
adoc,ante                     adoc,ant
adoc,a~o                      adoc,a~
adoc,aram                     adoc
adocicado                     adocic
adoecem                       adoec
adoecer                       adoec
adolesce^ncia                 adolescent
adolescente                   adolescent
adolescentes                  adolescent
adolfo                        adolf
adolph                        adolph
adora                         ador
adorac,a~o                    ador
adoradores                    ador
adorados                      ador
adoram                        ador
adoramos                      ador
adoraria                      ador
adorava                       ador
adoravam                      ador
adorei                        ador
adormecer                     adormec
adormecida                    adormec
adornadas                     adorn
adoro                         ador
adota                         adot
adotada                       adot
adotadas                      adot
adotado                       adot
adotados                      adot
adotam                        adot
adotando                      adot
adotar                        adot
adotaram                      adot
adotarem                      adot
adotasse                      adot
adota'ssemos                  adot
adotei                        adot
adotiva                       adot
adotivo                       adot
adotivos                      adot
adotou                        adot
adquire                       adquir
adquirem                      adqu
adquiri                       adquir
adquirida                     adquir
adquiridas                    adquir
adquiridos                    adquir
adquirir                      adquir
adquirira                     adquir
adquiriu                      adquir
adre                          adre
adrenalina                    adrenalin
adrian                        adrian
adriana                       adrian
adriane                       adrian
adriano                       adrian
adstringentes                 adstringent
aduaneira                     aduaneir
adubo                         adub
adular                        adul
adulta                        adult
adultas                       adult
adu'lteras                    adu'lt
adulte'rio                    adulte'ri
adulte'rios                   adulte'ri
adu'ltero                     adu'lter
adu'lteros                    adu'lter
adulto                        adult
adultos                       adult
adulyadej                     adulyadej
adversa                       advers
adversa'rias                  adversa'r
adversa'rio                   adversa'ri
adversa'rios                  adversa'ri
adversas                      advers
adversidade                   advers
adversos                      advers
adverte                       advert
adverte^ncia                  advertent
adverte^ncias                 advertent
advertia                      advert
advindas                      advind
advirto                       advirt
advocacia                     advocac
advogada                      advog
advogado                      advog
advogados                     advog
ae^                           ae^
ae'cio                        ae'ci
ae'rea                        ae'r
ae'reas                       ae'r
ae'reo                        ae'r
ae'reos                       ae'r
aero'bica                     aero'b
aero'bicos                    aero'b
aerodina^mico                 aerodina^m
aeroespaciais                 aeroespac
aeroespacial                  aeroespacial
aerolineas                    aerolin
aeromoc,a                     aeromoc
aeronautas                    aeronaut
aerona'utica                  aerona'ut
aerona'uticas                 aerona'ut
aerona'utico                  aerona'ut
aerona'uticos                 aerona'ut
aeronave                      aeronav
aeronaves                     aeronav
aeroporto                     aeroport
aeroportos                    aeroport
aerovia'rio                   aerovia'ri
ae^s                          ae^s
aeudf                         aeudf
afa~                          afa~
afamada                       afam
afanar                        afan
afanasio                      afanasi
afasia                        afas
afasta                        afast
afasta'                       afast
afastada                      afast
afastadas                     afast
afastado                      afast
afastados                     afast
afastam                       afast
afastamento                   afast
afastamos                     afast
afastar                       afast
afasto                        afast
afastou                       afast
afa'vel                       afa'vel
afazeres                      afaz
afbec                         afbec
afeito                        afeit
afeminados                    afemin
aferidos                      afer
aferir                        afer
aferrar                       aferr
afeta                         afet
afetada                       afet
afetadas                      afet
afetado                       afet
afetados                      afet
afetam                        afet
afetar                        afet
afetaria                      afet
afetasse                      afet
afetiva                       afet
afetivamente                  afet
afetivas                      afet
afetividade                   afet
afetivo                       afet
afetivos                      afet
afeto                         afet
afetou                        afet
afetuosamente                 afetu
affair                        affa
affini                        affin
afiados                       afi
afiando                       afi
aficionado                    aficion
aficionados                   aficion
afilhada                      afilh
afinadas                      afin
afinal                        afinal
afinam                        afin
afinco                        afinc
afinidade                     afin
afinidades                    afin
afins                         afins
afirma                        afirm
afirmac,a~o                   afirm
afirmam                       afirm
afirmando                     afirm
afirmar                       afirm
afirmaram                     afirm
afirmativa                    afirm
afirmativas                   afirm
afirmava                      afirm
afirmou                       afirm
afivelados                    afivel
afixado                       afix
afixou                        afix
aflic,a~o                     aflic,a~
aflitas                       aflit
aflorou                       aflor
afluentes                     afluent
afogada                       afog
afogado                       afog
afogueadas                    afog
afonja'                       afonj
afonso                        afons
afora                         afor
aforismo                      afor
afrescos                      afresc
a'frica                       a'fric
africana                      african
africanas                     african
africanizado                  africaniz
africano                      african
africanos                     african
afro                          afro
afronta                       afront
afros                         afros
after                         after
afundado                      afund
afundamento                   afund
afundar                       afund
afundaram                     afund
afundou                       afund
ag                            ag
agachado                      agach
against                       against
agarrado                      agarr
agarrados                     agarr
agarrar                       agarr
agarras                       agarr
agasalhar                     agasalh
agasalho                      agasalh
agassi                        agass
agaxtur                       agaxtur
age                           age
a'geis                        a'ge
agem                          agem
age^ncia                      age^nc
age^ncias                     age^nc
agenciava                     agenc
agencom                       agencom
agenda                        agend
agendados                     agend
agendar                       agend
agendas                       agend
agente                        agent
agentes                       agent
agiam                         agi
agigantava                    agigant
a'gil                         a'gil
agilidade                     agil
agilizar                      agiliz
agilizou                      agiliz
agilson                       agilson
agindo                        agind
agins                         agins
a'gio                         a'gi
agir                          agir
agiram                        agir
agisse                        agiss
agita                         agit
agitac,a~o                    agit
agitada                       agit
agitado                       agit
agitador                      agit
agitados                      agit
agito                         agit
agiu                          agiu
aglomerac,o~es                aglomer
aglomeram                     aglom
aglutina                      aglutin
agnaldo                       agnald
agnelli                       agnell
agonia                        agon
agora                         agor
agostim                       agostim
agostinho                     agostinh
agosto                        agost
agraciada                     agrac
agraciado                     agrac
agraciados                    agrac
agrada                        agrad
agrada'                       agrad
agradabili'ssimo              agradabili'ssim
agradam                       agrad
agradar                       agrad
agrada'veis                   agrad
agrada'vel                    agrad
agrade                        agrad
agradece                      agradec
agradecer                     agradec
agradeci                      agradec
agradecimento                 agradec
agrados                       agrad
agradou                       agrad
agra'ria                      agra'r
agrava                        agrav
agravada                      agrav
agravam                       agrav
agravamento                   agrav
agravantes                    agravant
agravar                       agrav
agravou                       agrav
agredida                      agred
agredidas                     agred
agredido                      agred
agredir                       agred
agrega                        agreg
agregac,a~o                   agreg
agregado                      agreg
agregador                     agreg
agregados                     agreg
agregando                     agreg
agregar                       agreg
agregou                       agreg
agregue                       agreg
agressa~o                     agressa~
agressiva                     agress
agressivamente                agress
agressivas                    agress
agressividade                 agress
agressivo                     agress
agressivos                    agress
agresso~es                    agresso~
agressor                      agressor
agreste                       agrest
agri'cola                     agri'col
agri'colas                    agri'col
agricultor                    agricultor
agricultores                  agricultor
agricultura                   agricultur
agridoce                      agridoc
agrocentro                    agrocentr
agroindu'stria                agroindu'str
agro^nomo                     agro^nom
agruras                       agrur
a'gua                         a'gu
aguados                       agu
aguarda                       aguard
aguardam                      aguard
aguardar                      aguard
aguardava                     aguard
aguardavam                    aguard
aguardou                      aguard
a'guas                        a'gu
aguc,ada                      aguc
agudas                        agud
agudos                        agud
aguenta                       aguent
agu"enta                      agu"ent
aguentam                      aguent
aguentamos                    aguent
aguentar                      aguent
aguentava                     aguent
agu"entava                    agu"ent
aguente                       aguent
agu"ente                      agu"ent
aguento                       aguent
agu"ento                      agu"ent
aguentou                      aguent
agu"entou                     agu"ent
aguiar                        agui
aguinaldo                     aguinald
agulha                        agulh
agulhas                       agulh
ah                            ah
ahouagi                       ahouag
ahuasca                       ahuasc
ai                            ai
ai'                           ai'
aide'ticas                    aide't
aide'tico                     aide't
aide'ticos                    aide't
aids                          aids
ailson                        ailson
ailton                        ailton
ai'lton                       ai'lton
ainda                         aind
air                           air
airbus                        airbus
aires                         air
aire`s                        aire`s
airlines                      airlin
ajeita                        ajeit
ajeitadinha                   ajeitadinh
ajeitando                     ajeit
ajoelharam                    ajoelh
ajuda                         ajud
ajuda'                        ajud
ajudado                       ajud
ajudam                        ajud
ajudamos                      ajud
ajudando                      ajud
ajudante                      ajudant
ajudar                        ajud
ajudara'                      ajud
ajudaram                      ajud
ajudara~o                     ajud
ajudaria                      ajud
ajudava                       ajud
ajudavam                      ajud
ajude                         ajud
ajudem                        ajud
ajudo                         ajud
ajudou                        ajud
ajusta                        ajust
ajustado                      ajust
ajustar                       ajust
ajuste                        ajust
ajustes                       ajust
ajustou                       ajust
ak                            ak
akihito                       akihit
akira                         akir
al                            al
ala                           ala
ala'                          ala'
alagoana                      alagoan
alagoano                      alagoan
alagoanos                     alagoan
alagoas                       alago
alai'de                       alai'd
alain                         alain
alambique                     alambiqu
alamogordo                    alamogord
alan                          alan
alarco'n                      alarco'n
alardeada                     alard
alardear                      alard
alardeassem                   alard
alargamento                   alarg
alargar                       alarg
alarmado                      alarm
alarmados                     alarm
alarme                        alarm
alarmes                       alarm
alasca                        alasc
alavanca                      alavanc
alavancar                     alavanc
alavancas                     alavanc
albarello                     albarell
albendazol                    albendazol
albergue                      alberg
alberico                      alber
albert                        albert
alberto                       albert
albertoni                     alberton
albiero                       albier
albino                        albin
a'lbum                        a'lbum
a'lbuns                       a'lbuns
albuquerque                   albuquerqu
alca                          alca
alc,a                         alc,a
alcac,uzz                     alcac,uzz
alc,ada                       alc,ad
alc,ado                       alc,ad
alcanc,a                      alcanc
alcanc,a'                     alcanc
alcanc,ado                    alcanc
alcanc,amos                   alcanc
alcanc,ar                     alcanc
alcanc,asse                   alcanc
alcance                       alcanc
alcancei                      alcanc
alcancem                      alcanc
alcanc,ou                     alcanc
alca^ntara                    alca^nt
alc,apa~o                     alc,apa~
alc,ar                        alc,ar
alcco'latra                   alcco'latr
alcides                       alcid
alcoa                         alco
a'lcool                       a'lcool
alcoo'latra                   alcoo'latr
alcoo'latras                  alcoo'latr
alcoo'lica                    alcoo'l
alcoo'licas                   alcoo'l
alcoo'lico                    alcoo'l
alcoo'licos                   alcoo'l
alcoolismo                    alcool
alcoolizados                  alcooliz
alcoqui'mica                  alcoqui'm
alcora~o                      alcora~
alc,ou                        alc,ou
alcova                        alcov
alcovitice                    alcovitic
alcunha                       alcunh
alcyr                         alcyr
aldeia                        alde
aldeota                       aldeot
aldo                          aldo
aldunate                      aldunat
ale^                          ale^
aleato'ria                    aleato'r
alecrim                       alecrim
alega                         aleg
alegac,a~o                    aleg
alegadas                      aleg
alegado                       aleg
alegam                        aleg
alegando                      aleg
alegar                        aleg
alegaram                      aleg
alegava                       aleg
alegoria                      alegor
alegou                        aleg
alegra                        alegr
alegrasse                     alegr
alegre                        alegr
alegres                       alegr
alegrete                      alegret
alegria                       alegr
alegrias                      alegr
alegro                        alegr
aleida                        ale
aleijado                      aleij
aleixo                        aleix
alejandro                     alejandr
ale'm                         ale'm
alema~                        alema~
alema~es                      alema~
alemanha                      alemanh
alema~o                       alema~
alencar                       alenc
alencastro                    alencastr
alenquer                      alenqu
alentado                      alent
alentejo                      alentej
alento                        alent
alergia                       alerg
alergias                      alerg
alerta                        alert
alertadas                     alert
alertado                      alert
alertam                       alert
alertava                      alert
alertou                       alert
alessandra                    alessandr
alessandro                    alessandr
alessio                       alessi
alex                          alex
alexander                     alexand
alexandra                     alexandr
alexandre                     alexandr
alexim                        alexim
alfabetizac,a~o               alfabetiz
alfabetizado                  alfabetiz
alfabetizadora                alfabetiz
alfabetizadores               alfabetiz
alfabetizados                 alfabetiz
alfabetizar                   alfabetiz
alfabeto                      alfabet
alface                        alfac
alfaiates                     alfaiat
alfa^ndega                    alfa^ndeg
alfandega'rias                alfandega'r
alfa^ndegas                   alfa^ndeg
alfer                         alfer
alferes                       alfer
alfineta                      alfinet
alforria                      alforr
alfred                        alfred
alfredo                       alfred
algarismos                    algar
algas                         algas
algema                        algem
algemados                     algem
algo                          algo
algoda~o                      algoda~
algue'm                       algue'm
algum                         algum
alguma                        algum
algumas                       algum
alguns                        alguns
alheia                        alhe
alheias                       alhe
alheio                        alhei
alheios                       alhei
alho                          alho
ali                           ali
aliadas                       ali
aliado                        ali
aliados                       ali
alianc,a                      alianc
alianc,as                     alianc
aliar                         ali
aliaram                       ali
alia's                        alia's
a'libi                        a'lib
a'libis                       a'lib
alice                         alic
alicerces                     alicerc
alien                         alien
alienac,a~o                   alien
alienados                     alien
alieni'gena                   alieni'gen
alieni'genas                  alieni'gen
alimenta                      aliment
alimentac,a~o                 aliment
alimentada                    aliment
alimentadas                   aliment
alimentado                    aliment
alimentados                   aliment
alimentam                     aliment
alimentando                   aliment
alimentar                     aliment
alimentaram                   aliment
alimentares                   aliment
alimentos                     aliment
aline                         alin
alinhado                      alinh
alinhados                     alinh
alinhou                       alinh
ali'quota                     ali'quot
ali'quotas                    ali'quot
alisia                        alis
alitalia                      alital
alivia                        aliv
aliviada                      alivi
aliviado                      alivi
aliviar                       alivi
aliviava                      alivi
ali'vio                       ali'vi
alka                          alka
allan                         allan
allen                         allen
alliance                      allianc
alma                          alma
almanaque                     almanaqu
almas                         almas
almeida                       alme
almeja                        almej
almejada                      almej
almejado                      almej
almejam                       almej
almirantado                   almirant
almirante                     almirant
almoc,a                       almoc
almoc,ar                      almoc
almoc,o                       almoc
almoc,os                      almoc
almoc,ou                      almoc
almofada                      almof
aln                           aln
alo^                          alo^
aloe                          alo
aloha                         aloh
aloisio                       aloisi
aloizio                       aloizi
alojados                      aloj
alojamento                    aloj
alojamentos                   aloj
alone                         alon
alongamento                   along
alopata                       alopat
alopatas                      alopat
alopa'ticas                   alopa't
alopa'ticos                   alopa't
aloprado                      alopr
aloysio                       aloysi
alpargatas                    alpargat
alpha                         alpha
alphatem                      alphat
alphaville                    alphavill
alpinismo                     alpin
alpinista                     alpin
alpinistas                    alpin
alqueires                     alqu
alquimia                      alquim
alta                          alta
altair                        alta
altamair                      altama
altamente                     alt
altaneiro                     altaneir
altar                         altar
altas                         altas
alter                         alter
altera                        alter
alterac,a~o                   alter
alterac,o~es                  alter
alterado                      alter
alteram                       alter
alterar                       alter
alteravam                     alter
alternadamente                altern
alternam                      altern
alterna^ncia                  alterna^nc
alternativa                   altern
alternativas                  altern
alternativo                   altern
alternativos                  altern
alternava                     altern
alternavam                    altern
altino'polis                  altino'pol
altiplano                     altiplan
alti'ssima                    alti'ssim
alti'ssimas                   alti'ssim
alti'ssimo                    alti'ssim
alti'ssimos                   alti'ss
altissonantes                 altissonant
altitude                      altitud
altitudes                     altitud
altiva                        altiv
alto                          alto
altoe'                        alto
altos                         altos
altura                        altur
alturas                       altur
alucinada                     alucin
alucinado                     alucin
alucinados                    alucin
alucinante                    alucinant
alucino'gena                  alucino'gen
alucino'genas                 alucino'gen
aluga                         alug
alugada                       alug
alugadas                      alug
alugado                       alug
alugados                      alug
alugam                        alug
alugando                      alug
alugar                        alug
alugo                         alug
alugou                        alug
aluguei                       alugu
alugue'is                     alug
aluguel                       aluguel
aluminart                     aluminart
alumi'nio                     alumi'ni
alumni                        alumn
aluna                         alun
alunas                        alun
aluno                         alun
alunos                        alun
alusa~o                       alusa~
alvara'                       alvar
alvares                       alvar
a'lvares                      a'lvar
alvarez                       alvarez
a'lvaro                       a'lvar
alvejou                       alvej
alves                         alves
alvim                         alvim
alvi'ssimas                   alvi'ssim
alvo                          alvo
alvorada                      alvor
alvoroc,o                     alvoroc
alvos                         alvos
alzheimer                     alzheim
am                            am
ama                           ama
amable                        amabl
amada                         amad
amado                         amad
amador                        amador
amadores                      amador
amadurece                     amadurec
amadurecem                    amadurec
amadurecendo                  amadurec
amadurecer                    amadurec
amalia                        amal
amam                          amam
amamentando                   amament
amamentar                     amament
ama^ncio                      ama^nci
amanda                        amand
amanha~                       amanha~
amanhecidos                   amanhec
amansa                        amans
amante                        amant
amantes                       amant
amar                          amar
amaral                        amaral
amarela                       amarel
amarelada                     amarel
amarelas                      amarel
amarelo                       amarel
amarga                        amarg
amargam                       amarg
amargando                     amarg
amargas                       amarg
amargava                      amarg
amargo                        amarg
amargor                       amargor
amargos                       amarg
amargou                       amarg
amargui'ssimas                amargui'ssim
amargurado                    amargur
amaro                         amar
amarra                        amarr
amarrada                      amarr
amarrado                      amarr
amarrados                     amarr
amarras                       amarr
amassado                      amass
amassando                     amass
amassar                       amass
amassava                      amass
amassos                       amass
amassou                       amass
amato                         amat
amava                         amav
ama'vel                       ama'vel
amazonas                      amazon
amazonense                    amazonens
amazonenses                   amazonens
amazo^nia                     amazo^n
amazo^nica                    amazo^n
amazo^nicas                   amazo^n
amazo^nico                    amazo^n
amazo^nicos                   amazo^n
amazonino                     amazonin
a^mbar                        a^mbar
ambas                         ambas
ambic,a~o                     ambic,a~
ambiciosa                     ambic
ambiciosas                    ambic
ambicioso                     ambic
ambic,o~es                    ambic,o~
ambiel                        ambiel
ambientac,a~o                 ambient
ambientais                    ambient
ambiental                     ambiental
ambientalista                 ambiental
ambientalistas                ambiental
ambiente                      ambient
ambientes                     ambient
a^mbito                       a^mbit
ambivale^ncia                 ambivalent
ambos                         ambos
ambula^ncia                   ambula^nc
ambulante                     ambulant
ambulantes                    ambulant
ambulatoriais                 ambulatori
ambulatorial                  ambulatorial
ameac,a                       ameac
ameac,a'                      ameac
ameac,ada                     ameac
ameac,adas                    ameac
ameac,ado                     ameac
ameac,ador                    ameac
ameac,adora                   ameac
ameac,adores                  ameac
ameac,ados                    ameac
ameac,am                      ameac
ameac,ando                    ameac
ameac,ar                      ameac
ameac,aram                    ameac
ameac,as                      ameac
ameac,ava                     ameac
ameac,ou                      ameac
amealha                       amealh
amealhou                      amealh
amedrontada                   amedront
amedrontadoras                amedront
amei                          ame
ame'lia                       ame'l
ame'lio                       ame'li
ame'm                         ame'm
amena                         amen
ame^ndoa                      ame^ndo
amendoados                    amendo
ameniza                       ameniz
amenizar                      ameniz
ameno                         amen
america                       amer
ame'rica                      ame'r
american                      american
americana                     american
americanas                    american
americano                     american
americano'polis               americano'pol
americanos                    american
ame'ricas                     ame'r
ame'rico                      ame'r
amesi                         ames
amesma                        amesm
amico                         amic
amiga                         amig
amigas                        amig
amiga'veis                    amig
amiga'vel                     amig
amigo                         amig
amigos                        amig
amiguinho                     amiguinh
amiguinhos                    amiguinh
amilcar                       amilc
ami'lcar                      ami'lc
amin                          amin
aminoa'cidos                  aminoa'c
amistosa                      amist
amistoso                      amist
amistosos                     amist
amix                          amix
amizade                       amizad
amizades                      amizad
amma                          amma
amne'sica                     amne's
amo                           amo
amodeo                        amod
amolece                       amolec
amontoado                     amonto
amor                          amor
amores                        amor
amorim                        amorim
amorosa                       amor
amorosas                      amor
amoroso                       amor
amortecida                    amortec
amortizac,a~o                 amortiz
amos                          amos
amostra                       amostr
amostras                      amostr
ampara                        ampar
amparadas                     ampar
amparado                      ampar
amparar                       ampar
ampla                         ampla
amplamente                    ampl
amplia                        ampli
ampliac,a~o                   ampliac,a~
ampliado                      ampli
ampliam                       ampli
ampliando                     ampli
ampliar                       ampli
ampliava                      ampli
amplificar                    amplific
ampliou                       ampli
amplitude                     amplitud
amplo                         amplo
amplos                        amplos
ampola                        ampol
amputar                       amput
amsterda~                     amsterda~
amuletos                      amulet
amx                           amx
amy                           amy
an                            an
ana                           ana
ana~                          ana~
anabo'lico                    anabo'l
anabolizante                  anabolizant
anafranil                     anafranil
anal                          anal
analfabeta                    analfabet
analfabetismo                 analfabet
analfabetos                   analfabet
analge'sico                   analge's
analge'sicos                  analge's
analisa                       analis
analisa'                      analis
analisada                     analis
analisadas                    analis
analisado                     analis
analisados                    analis
analisam                      analis
analisando                    analis
analisar                      analis
analisaram                    analis
analise                       analis
ana'lise                      ana'lis
ana'lises                     ana'lis
analisou                      analis
analista                      anal
analistas                     anal
anamburucu                    anamburucu
ana~o                         ana~
ana'polis                     ana'pol
anarquismo                    anarqu
anarquista                    anarqu
anarquizando                  anarquiz
anas                          anas
anasta'cia                    anasta'c
anastassiadis                 anastassiad
anatel                        anatel
ana'temas                     ana'tem
anato'lia                     anato'l
anatomia                      anatom
anatomicamente                anatom
anato^micas                   anato^m
anato^mico                    anato^m
anato^micos                   anato^m
anbid                         anbid
ancestrais                    ancestr
ancestral                     ancestral
anchieta                      anchiet
anchovas                      anchov
ancora                        ancor
a^ncora                       a^ncor
ancorada                      ancor
ancorado                      ancor
ancoradouros                  ancoradour
ancoram                       ancor
and                           and
anda                          anda
andado                        andad
andam                         andam
andamento                     andament
andamos                       andam
andanc,as                     andanc
andando                       andand
andar                         andar
andara'                       andar
andares                       andar
andassem                      andass
andava                        andav
andei                         ande
andersen                      andersen
anderson                      anderson
andes                         andes
andina                        andin
andinho                       andinh
ando                          ando
andor                         andor
andou                         andou
andrade                       andrad
andrajos                      andraj
andre                         andre
andre'                        andre'
andrea                        andre
andre'a                       andre'
andreazza                     andreazz
andrei                        andre
andreoli                      andreol
andreolli                     andreoll
andy                          andy
ane'as                        ane'
anedota                       anedot
anedota'rio                   anedota'ri
ane'is                        ane'
anel                          anel
anelados                      anel
anemia                        anem
ane^mico                      ane^m
anestesia                     anestes
aneste'sico                   aneste's
aneurisma                     aneurism
aneurismas                    aneurism
anexadas                      anex
anexados                      anex
anexo                         anex
anfetamina                    anfetamin
anfetaminas                   anfetamin
anfetami'nica                 anfetami'n
anfetami'nico                 anfetami'n
anfetami'nicos                anfetami'n
angariar                      angari
angariou                      angari
angel                         angel
angela                        angel
a^ngela                       a^ngel
angeles                       angel
ange'lica                     ange'l
angelical                     angelical
angelina                      angelin
angelo                        angel
a^ngelo                       a^ngel
angelotto                     angelott
angiotensina                  angiotensin
anglo                         anglo
angola                        angol
angolanas                     angolan
angolanos                     angolan
angra                         angra
a^ngulo                       a^ngul
a^ngulos                      a^ngul
angu'stia                     angu'st
angustiada                    angusti
angustiadas                   angusti
angustiados                   angusti
angustiantes                  angustiant
angu'stias                    angu'st
anhandui'                     anhandu
anhangabau'                   anhangabau'
anhanguera                    anhangu
anhembi                       anhemb
anheuser                      anheus
anibal                        anibal
anima                         anim
animac,a~o                    anim
animac,o~es                   anim
animada                       anim
animadamente                  anim
animado                       anim
animador                      anim
animadores                    anim
animados                      anim
animais                       anim
animal                        animal
animam                        anim
animando                      anim
animar                        anim
a^nimo                        a^nim
a^nimos                       a^nim
animosidade                   animos
animou                        anim
aninha                        aninh
aniquile                      aniquil
ani'sio                       ani'si
anistia                       anist
aniversa'rio                  aniversa'ri
aniversa'rios                 aniversa'ri
aniz                          aniz
anja                          anja
anjinho                       anjinh
anjo                          anjo
anlong                        anlong
anna                          anna
annie                         anni
anno                          anno
ano                           ano
ano~es                        ano~
anomalias                     anomal
anonimamente                  anonim
ano^nimas                     ano^nim
anonimato                     anonimat
ano^nimo                      ano^nim
ano^nimos                     ano^n
anorexia                      anorex
anormal                       anormal
anos                          anos
anota'                        anot
anotac,o~es                   anot
anotados                      anot
anotam                        anot
anotar                        anot
anotava                       anot
anote                         anot
anotou                        anot
ansaldi                       ansald
anseia                        anse
anseiam                       anse
anseio                        ansei
anseios                       ansei
ansiedade                     ansiedad
ansiedades                    ansiedad
ansioli'ticos                 ansioli't
ansiosa                       ansios
ansiosamente                  ansios
ansiosas                      ansios
ansioso                       ansios
ansiosos                      ansios
anta                          anta
antago^nicas                  antago^n
antarctica                    antarct
anta'rtica                    anta'rt
anta'rtico                    anta'rt
anta'rtida                    anta'rt
antebrac,o                    antebrac
antecede                      anteced
antecedem                     anteced
antecede^ncia                 antecedent
antecedentes                  antecedent
antecederam                   anteced
antecedeu                     anteced
antecessor                    antecessor
antecessores                  antecessor
antecipa                      antecip
antecipac,a~o                 antecip
antecipac,o~es                antecip
antecipada                    antecip
antecipadamente               antecip
antecipadas                   antecip
antecipado                    antecip
antecipador                   antecip
antecipando                   antecip
antecipar                     antecip
antecipou                     antecip
antena                        anten
antenadas                     anten
antenado                      anten
antenas                       anten
antenor                       antenor
anteontem                     anteont
antepassados                  antepass
antepunham                    antepunh
anterior                      anterior
anteriores                    anterior
anteriormente                 anterior
antes                         antes
antevendo                     antev
anthony                       anthony
anti                          anti
antiarmas                     antiarm
antibe'licas                  antibe'l
antibio'ticos                 antibio't
anticomunista                 anticomun
anticoncepc,a~o               anticoncepc,a~
anticoncepcionais             anticoncepcion
anticoncepcional              anticoncepcional
anticonvulsivos               anticonvuls
antidepressiva                antidepress
antidepressivo                antidepress
antidepressivos               antidepress
anti'dotos                    anti'dot
antidrogas                    antidrog
antiespasmo'dico              antiespasmo'd
antie'tico                    antie't
antiga                        antig
antigamente                   antig
antigas                       antig
antigen                       antigen
anti'geno                     anti'gen
antigo                        antig
antigos                       antig
antigovernistas               antigovern
antiguidade                   antigu
antiguidades                  antigu
antiinflamato'rio             antiinflamato'ri
antilusitanos                 antilusitan
antimonotonia                 antimonoton
antinarcotra'fico             antinarcotra'f
antipatia                     antipat
antipatias                    antipat
antipa'tico                   antipa't
antipessoais                  antipesso
antiquado                     antiqu
antiquados                    antiqu
antiqua'rios                  antiqua'ri
antiquarius                   antiquarius
antisse'pticos                antisse'pt
antitabagista                 antitabag
antitabagistas                antitabag
antite'rmico                  antite'rm
antolo'gica                   antolo'g
antonia                       anton
anto^nia                      anto^n
antoninho                     antoninh
antonio                       antoni
anto^nio                      anto^ni
antropo'loga                  antropo'log
antropologia                  antropolog
antropo'logo                  antropo'log
antropo'logos                 antropo'log
antunes                       antun
anuais                        anu
anual                         anual
anualmente                    anual
anua'rio                      anua'ri
anuidade                      anuidad
anulac,a~o                    anul
anulado                       anul
anulam                        anul
anulando                      anul
anular                        anul
anularam                      anul
anulei                        anul
anulou                        anul
anuncia                       anunc
anunciada                     anunc
anunciadas                    anunc
anunciado                     anunc
anunciam                      anunc
anunciando                    anunc
anunciantes                   anunciant
anunciar                      anunc
anunciaram                    anunc
anunciava                     anunc
anu'ncio                      anu'nci
anu'ncios                     anu'nci
anunciou                      anunc
anysio                        anysi
ao                            ao
a~o                           a~o
aonde                         aond
aorta                         aort
ao'rtico                      ao'rtic
aos                           aos
ap                            ap
apadrinhamento                apadrinh
apadrinhou                    apadrinh
apagado                       apag
apagam                        apag
apagando                      apag
apagar                        apag
apagavam                      apag
apagou                        apag
apaixona                      apaixon
apaixonada                    apaixon
apaixonadas                   apaixon
apaixonadi'ssima              apaixonadi'ssim
apaixonado                    apaixon
apaixonados                   apaixon
apaixonam                     apaixon
apaixonar                     apaixon
apaixonara                    apaixon
apaixone                      apaixon
apaixonei                     apaixon
apaixonou                     apaixon
apalpac,a~o                   apalp
apalpado                      apalp
apanha                        apanh
apanhado                      apanh
apanham                       apanh
apanhando                     apanh
apanhar                       apanh
apanhei                       apanh
apanhou                       apanh
aparacer                      aparac
aparar                        apar
aparato                       aparat
aparec,am                     aparec
aparece                       aparec
aparecem                      aparec
aparecendo                    aparec
aparecer                      aparec
apareceram                    aparec
aparecerem                    aparec
apareceria                    aparec
aparecesse                    aparec
aparecessem                   aparec
apareceu                      aparec
apareci                       aparec
aparecia                      aparec
apareciam                     aparec
aparecida                     aparec
aparecido                     aparec
aparecimento                  aparec
aparelhada                    aparelh
aparelhagem                   aparelhag
aparelhinho                   aparelhinh
aparelho                      aparelh
aparelhos                     aparelh
apare^ncia                    aparent
apare^ncias                   aparent
aparenta                      aparent
aparentam                     aparent
aparente                      aparent
aparentemente                 aparent
aparentes                     aparent
aparic,a~o                    aparic,a~
aparic,o~es                   aparic,o~
apartamento                   apart
apartamentos                  apart
apartava                      apart
apatia                        apat
apa'ticas                     apa't
apa'ticos                     apa't
apavora                       apavor
apavorada                     apavor
apavorou                      apavor
apaziguador                   apazigu
apea'                         ape
apec                          apec
apega                         apeg
apegada                       apeg
apegados                      apeg
apegar                        apeg
apego                         apeg
apela                         apel
apelac,a~o                    apel
apelar                        apel
apelei                        apel
apelem                        apel
apelidados                    apelid
apelidaram                    apelid
apelido                       apel
apelo                         apel
apelos                        apel
apelou                        apel
apenas                        apen
ape^ndice                     ape^ndic
aperfeic,oamento              aperfeic,o
aperfeic,oando                aperfeic,o
aperfeic,oar                  aperfeic,o
aperfeic,oei                  aperfeic,o
aperitivos                    aperit
aperreados                    aperr
aperta                        apert
apertada                      apert
apertado                      apert
apertados                     apert
apertam                       apert
apertar                       apert
apertou                       apert
apesar                        apes
apetite                       apetit
apetitoso                     apetit
apetrechos                    apetrech
a'pice                        a'pic
apinhado                      apinh
apitava                       apit
apito                         apit
aplaca                        aplac
aplacando                     aplac
aplacar                       aplac
aplacou                       aplac
aplaudida                     aplaud
aplausos                      aplaus
aplica                        aplic
aplicac,a~o                   aplic
aplicac,o~es                  aplic
aplicada                      aplic
aplicadas                     aplic
aplicado                      aplic
aplicadores                   aplic
aplicam                       aplic
aplicando                     aplic
aplicar                       aplic
aplicaram                     aplic
aplicativos                   aplic
aplicava                      aplic
aplica'vel                    aplic
aplicou                       aplic
aplique                       apliqu
apliquem                      apliqu
apliques                      apliqu
apne'ia                       apne'
apocalipse                    apocalips
apoderaram                    apoder
apoenan                       apoenan
apogeu                        apog
apo'ia                        apo'
apoia'                        apoi
apoiadas                      apoi
apoiado                       apoi
apoiados                      apoi
apo'iam                       apo'
apoiar                        apoi
apoiarem                      apoi
apoiaria                      apoi
apoio                         apoi
apoiou                        apoi
apo'lice                      apo'lic
apoli'tico                    apoli't
apollinari                    apollinar
apologia                      apolog
apologista                    apolog
aponta                        apont
aponta'                       apont
apontada                      apont
apontadas                     apont
apontado                      apont
apontadores                   apont
apontados                     apont
apontam                       apont
apontando                     apont
apontar                       apont
apontava                      apont
apontem                       apont
apontou                       apont
apople'tico                   apople't
aportar                       aport
aportou                       aport
apo's                         apo's
aposentada                    aposent
aposentado                    aposent
aposentadoria                 aposentador
aposentados                   aposent
aposentam                     aposent
aposentar                     aposent
aposentos                     aposent
aposentou                     aposent
apossado                      aposs
aposta                        apost
apostador                     apost
apostadores                   apost
apostam                       apost
apostamos                     apost
apostando                     apost
apostar                       apost
apostaram                     apost
apostas                       apost
aposte                        apost
apostilas                     apostil
aposto                        apost
apo'stolo                     apo'stol
apo'stolos                    apo'stol
apostou                       apost
apoteose                      apoteos
apple                         apple
aprazi'vel                    apraz
aprecia                       aprec
apreciac,a~o                  aprec
apreciac,o~es                 aprec
apreciada                     aprec
apreciado                     aprec
apreciando                    aprec
apreciar                      aprec
apreciaram                    aprec
apreciou                      aprec
aprec,o                       aprec
apreendem                     apreend
apreender                     apreend
apreenderam                   apreend
apreendida                    apreend
apreensa~o                    apreensa~
apreensivo                    apreens
apreensivos                   apreens
apreenso~es                   apreenso~
apregoa                       aprego
apregoam                      aprego
aprenda                       aprend
aprendam                      aprend
aprende                       aprend
aprendem                      aprend
aprendemos                    aprend
aprendendo                    aprend
aprender                      aprend
aprenderam                    aprend
aprenderia                    aprend
aprendesse                    aprend
aprendeu                      aprend
aprendi                       aprend
aprendiam                     aprend
aprendi'amos                  aprend
aprendida                     aprend
aprendidas                    aprend
aprendido                     aprend
aprendiz                      aprendiz
aprendizado                   aprendiz
aprendizagem                  aprendizag
aprendizes                    aprendiz
apresenta                     apresent
apresentac,a~o                apresent
apresentac,o~es               apresent
apresentada                   apresent
apresentadas                  apresent
apresentado                   apresent
apresentador                  apresent
apresentadora                 apresent
apresentadoras                apresent
apresentados                  apresent
apresentam                    apresent
apresentamos                  apresent
apresentando                  apresent
apresentar                    apresent
apresentara'                  apresent
apresentaram                  apresent
apresentara~o                 apresent
apresentaria                  apresent
apresentasse                  apresent
apresentassem                 apresent
apresentava                   apresent
apresentavam                  apresent
apresenta'vel                 apresent
apresente                     apresent
apresento                     apresent
apresentou                    apresent
apressada                     apress
apressadas                    apress
apressadinha                  apressadinh
apressadinhos                 apressadinh
apressado                     apress
apressados                    apress
apressam                      apress
apressamento                  apress
apressar                      apress
apresse                       apress
apressou                      apress
aprimoradas                   aprimor
aprimoramento                 aprimor
aprimorar                     aprimor
aprimorou                     aprimor
aprisionados                  aprision
aprisionassem                 aprision
aprofundar                    aprofund
aprofundou                    aprofund
aprontasse                    apront
aprontou                      apront
apropriac,a~o                 apropri
apropriada                    apropri
apropriadamente               apropri
apropriadas                   apropri
apropriado                    apropri
aprova                        aprov
aprova'                       aprov
aprovac,a~o                   aprov
aprovada                      aprov
aprovadas                     aprov
aprovado                      aprov
aprovados                     aprov
aprovando                     aprov
aprovar                       aprov
aprovaram                     aprov
aprovassem                    aprov
aprovavam                     aprov
aproveita                     aproveit
aproveitado                   aproveit
aproveitam                    aproveit
aproveitamento                aproveit
aproveitamos                  aproveit
aproveitando                  aproveit
aproveitar                    aproveit
aproveitaria                  aproveit
aproveito                     aproveit
aproveitou                    aproveit
aprovou                       aprov
aproxima                      aproxim
aproximac,a~o                 aproxim
aproximac,o~es                aproxim
aproximadamente               aproxim
aproximado                    aproxim
aproximam                     aproxim
aproximando                   aproxim
aproximar                     aproxim
aproximava                    aproxim
aproximei                     aproxim
aproximou                     aproxim
apta                          apta
aptas                         aptas
aptida~o                      aptida~
apto                          apto
aptos                         aptos
apura                         apur
apurac,a~o                    apur
apurac,o~es                   apur
apurada                       apur
apuradas                      apur
apurado                       apur
apurar                        apur
apuro                         apur
apuros                        apur
apurou                        apur
aqualung                      aqualung
aquarteladas                  aquartel
aquartelamento                aquartel
aquartelar                    aquartel
aquartelou                    aquartel
aqua'tica                     aqua't
aqua'tico                     aqua't
aquecesse                     aquec
aquecidos                     aquec
aquecimento                   aquec
aquela                        aquel
a`quela                       a`quel
aquelas                       aquel
a`quelas                      a`quel
aquele                        aquel
a`quele                       a`quel
aqueles                       aquel
aque'm                        aque'm
aqui                          aqu
aquidauana                    aquidauan
aquilo                        aquil
aquino                        aquin
aquisic,a~o                   aquisic,a~
aquisic,o~es                  aquisic,o~
aquisitivo                    aquisit
ar                            ar
a'rabe                        a'rab
a'rabes                       a'rab
arabi                         arab
arabica                       arab
ara'bica                      ara'b
aracaju                       aracaju
aracruz                       aracruz
arac,uai'                     arac,ua
aracy                         aracy
araga~o                       araga~
araguaia                      aragua
aramac,a~                     aramac,a~
arandu                        arandu
aranha                        aranh
aranhas                       aranh
aranovich                     aranovich
arantes                       arant
arap                          arap
araponga                      arapong
arapongas                     arapong
arapua~                       arapua~
arara                         arar
ararangua'                    ararangu
araraquara                    araraqu
araras                        arar
aratangy                      aratangy
arau                          arau
araujo                        arauj
arau'jo                       arau'j
araxa'                        arax
arbitragem                    arbitrag
arbitrar                      arbitr
arbitrara                     arbitr
arbitra'ria                   arbitra'r
arbitrariamente               arbitrari
a'rbitros                     a'rbitr
arbusto                       arbust
arca                          arca
arcada                        arcad
arcaica                       arcaic
arcaicas                      arcaic
arcaico                       arcaic
arcar                         arcar
arcebispo                     arcebisp
arco                          arco
ardente                       ardent
ardera'                       arder
ardidas                       ardid
ardidinha                     ardidinh
ardil                         ardil
ardilosa                      ardil
ardor                         ardor
ardorosas                     ardor
a'rdua                        a'rdu
a'rduo                        a'rdu
a'rea                         a're
a'reas                        a're
areia                         are
areias                        are
arejado                       arej
arena                         aren
ares                          ares
arestas                       arest
argelich                      argelich
argenta'ria                   argenta'r
argentina                     argentin
argentinas                    argentin
argentino                     argentin
argentinos                    argentin
argila                        argil
argola                        argol
argolas                       argol
argonauta                     argonaut
argumenta                     argument
argumentac,a~o                argument
argumentac,o~es               argument
argumentando                  argument
argumento                     argument
argumentos                    argument
argumentou                    argument
ari                           ari
a'ria                         a'ri
ariano                        arian
arias                         ari
a'rias                        a'ri
arida                         arid
a'rida                        a'rid
a'ridas                       a'rid
ariel                         ariel
aripuana~                     aripuana~
ariranhas                     ariranh
arisco                        arisc
aristo                        arist
aristocra'ticos               aristocra't
aristodemo                    aristodem
aristo'teles                  aristo'tel
arkin                         arkin
arlie                         arli
arlindo                       arlind
arliss                        arliss
arma                          arma
armac,a~o                     armac,a~
armada                        armad
armadas                       armad
armadilha                     armadilh
armadilhas                    armadilh
armado                        armad
armador                       armador
armadores                     armador
armados                       armad
armam                         armam
armamentista                  armament
armamento                     armament
armamentos                    armament
armando                       armand
armani                        arman
armar                         armar
arma'rio                      arma'ri
arma'rios                     arma'ri
armas                         armas
armavam                       armav
armaze'm                      armaze'm
armazenadas                   armazen
armazenado                    armazen
armazenagem                   armazenag
armazenam                     armazen
armazenamento                 armazen
armazenamos                   armazen
armazenar                     armazen
armaze'ns                     armaze'ns
arme^nio                      arme^ni
arme^nios                     arme^ni
armentano                     armentan
armo                          armo
armo'rio                      armo'ri
armstrong                     armstrong
arnaldo                       arnald
arno                          arno
arnoldo                       arnold
arnon                         arnon
aro                           aro
aroma                         arom
aromas                        arom
aroma'tica                    aroma't
aronson                       aronson
aros                          aros
aro'sio                       aro'si
arqueologia                   arqueolog
arqueolo'gicos                arqueolo'g
arqueo'logos                  arqueo'log
arquibancada                  arquibanc
arquibancadas                 arquibanc
arquidiocese                  arquidioces
arquidioceses                 arquidioces
arquiinimigos                 arquiinimig
arquipe'lago                  arquipe'lag
arquiteta                     arquitet
arquitetada                   arquitet
arquitetado                   arquitet
arquiteto                     arquitet
arquiteto^nica                arquiteto^n
arquiteto^nicas               arquiteto^n
arquiteto^nicos               arquiteto^n
arquitetos                    arquitet
arquitetura                   arquitetur
arquivado                     arquiv
arquivados                    arquiv
arquivam                      arquiv
arquivamento                  arquiv
arquivo                       arquiv
arquivos                      arquiv
arrabal                       arrabal
arraial                       arraial
arrancada                     arranc
arrancadas                    arranc
arrancado                     arranc
arrancados                    arranc
arrancando                    arranc
arrancar                      arranc
arrancou                      arranc
arranha                       arranh
arranhada                     arranh
arranhando                    arranh
arranha~o                     arranha~
arranhar                      arranh
arranja                       arranj
arranjada                     arranj
arranjador                    arranj
arranjadores                  arranj
arranjando                    arranj
arranjar                      arranj
arranjo                       arranj
arranjos                      arranj
arranque                      arranqu
arrasa                        arras
arrasada                      arras
arrasado                      arras
arrasando                     arras
arrasar                       arras
arrasaram                     arras
arrasta                       arrast
arrasta'                      arrast
arrastada                     arrast
arrastado                     arrast
arrastados                    arrast
arrastam                      arrast
arrastando                    arrast
arrasta~o                     arrasta~
arrastaria                    arrast
arrasto~es                    arrasto~
arrastou                      arrast
arrazoado                     arrazo
arrebanhar                    arrebanh
arrebanhou                    arrebanh
arrebatadas                   arrebat
arrebatadora                  arrebat
arrebatadores                 arrebat
arrebatava                    arrebat
arrebatou                     arrebat
arrebentando                  arrebent
arrebentar                    arrebent
arrebitam                     arrebit
arrecada                      arrec
arrecadac,a~o                 arrecad
arrecadado                    arrecad
arrecadadores                 arrecad
arrecadados                   arrecad
arrecadar                     arrecad
arrecadaram                   arrecad
arrecadavam                   arrecad
arrecada'vamos                arrecad
arrecadou                     arrecad
arrecifes                     arrecif
arredar                       arred
arredias                      arred
arredio                       arredi
arredores                     arredor
arregac,adas                  arregac
arregac,ar                    arregac
arregimentar                  arregiment
arremata                      arremat
arrematado                    arremat
arrematados                   arremat
arrematar                     arremat
arremate                      arremat
arremates                     arremat
arrematou                     arremat
arremedo                      arremed
arremessada                   arremess
arremessar                    arremess
arremessos                    arremess
arrendadas                    arrend
arrendados                    arrend
arrepende                     arrepend
arrependeu                    arrepend
arrependi                     arrepend
arrependidas                  arrepend
arrependido                   arrepend
arrependimento                arrepend
arrependo                     arrep
arrepiados                    arrepi
arrepiar                      arrepi
arrepios                      arrepi
arriadas                      arri
arrisca                       arrisc
arriscada                     arrisc
arriscadas                    arrisc
arriscado                     arrisc
arriscam                      arrisc
arriscando                    arrisc
arriscar                      arrisc
arriscaria                    arrisc
arriscava                     arrisc
arriscou                      arrisc
arrisque                      arrisqu
arroga^ncia                   arroga^nc
arrogante                     arrogant
arrogantes                    arrogant
arrojada                      arroj
arroladas                     arrol
arromba                       arromb
arrombamento                  arromb
arrombaram                    arromb
arroubos                      arroub
arroz                         arroz
arruac,a                      arruac
arruaceiros                   arruaceir
arruda                        arrud
arruinando                    arruin
arruinar                      arruin
arruma                        arrum
arrumada                      arrum
arrumados                     arrum
arrumando                     arrum
arrumar                       arrum
arrumaria                     arrum
arrumava                      arrum
arrumo                        arrum
arrumou                       arrum
arsenal                       arsenal
art                           art
arte                          arte
artefacto                     artefact
artefato                      artefat
artefatos                     artefat
arte'ria                      arte'r
arterial                      arterial
arte'rias                     arte'r
artes                         artes
artesanal                     artesanal
artesanalmente                artesanal
artesanato                    artesanat
artesa~o                      artesa~
arthur                        arthur
articulac,a~o                 articul
articuladas                   articul
articulador                   articul
articuladores                 articul
articulando                   articul
articular                     articul
articulares                   articul
articulava                    articul
articulista                   articul
artificiais                   artific
artificial                    artificial
artificialmente               artificial
artifi'cio                    artifi'ci
artifi'cios                   artifi'ci
artigo                        artig
artigos                       artig
artilheiro                    artilheir
artista                       artist
artistas                      artist
arti'stica                    arti'st
artisticamente                artist
arti'sticas                   arti'st
arti'stico                    arti'st
artrite                       artrit
arts                          arts
artur                         artur
aruba                         arub
arvin                         arvin
arvorar                       arvor
a'rvore                       a'rvor
a'rvores                      a'rvor
ary                           ary
as                            as
a`s                           a`s
asa                           asa
asas                          asas
ascedente                     ascedent
ascende^ncia                  ascendent
ascensa~o                     ascensa~
ascensorista                  ascensor
asceta                        ascet
asce'tica                     asce't
ascetismo                     ascet
ascher                        ascher
asemoc,o~es                   asemoc,o~
asfaltadas                    asfalt
asfalto                       asfalt
ash                           ash
ashg                          ashg
ashkenazim                    ashkenazim
asia                          asi
a'sia                         a'si
asia'tica                     asia't
asia'ticas                    asia't
asia'tico                     asia't
asia'ticos                    asia't
asma                          asma
asma'tica                     asma't
asombrosos                    asombr
aspas                         aspas
aspecto                       aspect
aspectos                      aspect
aspem                         aspem
aspereza                      asper
a'spero                       a'sper
aspirantes                    aspirant
aspirar                       aspir
aspirina                      aspirin
aspirinas                     aspirin
assalariado                   assalari
assalta                       assalt
assaltados                    assalt
assaltante                    assaltant
assaltantes                   assaltant
assalto                       assalt
assaltos                      assalt
assaltou                      assalt
assassinada                   assassin
assassinado                   assassin
assassinados                  assassin
assassinam                    assassin
assassinara'                  assassin
assassinas                    assassin
assassinato                   assassinat
assassinatos                  assassinat
assassinavam                  assassin
assassino                     assassin
assassinos                    assassin
assassinou                    assassin
assediada                     assedi
assediado                     assedi
assediar                      assedi
asse'dio                      asse'di
assegura                      assegur
assegurada                    assegur
assegurado                    assegur
assegurar                     assegur
asseguraram                   assegur
asseguraria                   assegur
assegurou                     assegur
assemble'ia                   assembl
assembleiano                  assembleian
assemble'ias                  assembl
assemelha                     assemelh
assemelham                    assemelh
assentadas                    assent
assentado                     assent
assentados                    assent
assentamento                  assent
assentamentos                 assent
assentando                    assent
assentar                      assent
assentaram                    assent
assento                       assent
assentos                      assent
assepsia                      asseps
assertivo                     assert
assessor                      assessor
assessora                     assessor
assessores                    assessor
assessoria                    assessor
assestaram                    assest
assexuado                     assexu
assi'dua                      assi'du
assi'duo                      assi'du
assi'duos                     assi'du
assim                         assim
assimilac,a~o                 assimil
assimilados                   assimil
assimilar                     assimil
assimila'veis                 assimil
assina                        assin
assinada                      assin
assinado                      assin
assinados                     assin
assinala                      assinal
assinalado                    assinal
assinalar                     assinal
assinam                       assin
assinando                     assin
assinantes                    assinant
assinar                       assin
assinaram                     assin
assinasse                     assin
assinatura                    assinatur
assinaturas                   assinatur
assinava                      assin
assine                        assin
assinei                       assin
assinou                       assin
assintoma'tico                assintoma't
assi'ria                      assi'r
assi'rios                     assi'ri
assis                         assis
assiste                       assist
assistem                      assist
assiste^ncia                  assistent
assistenciais                 assistenc
assistente                    assistent
assistentes                   assistent
assisti                       assist
assistia                      assist
assistida                     assist
assistimos                    assist
assistindo                    assist
assistir                      assist
assistira'                    assist
assistiram                    assist
assistiria                    assist
assistiu                      assist
assisto                       assist
assoalho                      assoalh
associa'                      associ
associac,a~o                  assoc
associac,o~es                 assoc
associada                     assoc
associadas                    assoc
associado                     assoc
associados                    assoc
associando                    assoc
associar                      assoc
association                   association
associo                       associ
associou                      assoc
assolando                     assol
assombra                      assombr
assombrado                    assombr
assombrar                     assombr
assombro                      assombr
assombrosa                    assombr
assombroso                    assombr
assoprou                      assopr
assuero                       assuer
assumam                       assum
assume                        assum
assumia                       assum
assumida                      assum
assumido                      assum
assumimos                     assum
assumindo                     assum
assumir                       assum
assumiram                     assum
assumiria                     assum
assumisse                     assum
assumissem                    assum
assumiu                       assum
assumo                        assum
assunc,a~o                    assunc,a~
assunto                       assunt
assuntos                      assunt
assusta                       assust
assustada                     assust
assustadas                    assust
assustado                     assust
assustadora                   assust
assustadoramente              assustador
assustadores                  assust
assustados                    assust
assustam                      assust
assustar                      assust
assustaram                    assust
assustava                     assust
assuste                       assust
astolft                       astolft
aston                         aston
astral                        astral
astro                         astro
astrofi'sicos                 astrofi's
astro'loga                    astro'log
astrologia                    astrolog
astro'logos                   astro'log
astronauta                    astronaut
astronautas                   astronaut
astrona'utica                 astrona'ut
astronomia                    astronom
astrono^mica                  astrono^m
astrono^micos                 astrono^m
astro^nomo                    astro^nom
astro^nomos                   astro^nom
astros                        astros
astuto                        astut
at                            at
ata                           ata
atabaques                     atabaqu
ataca                         atac
atacado                       atac
atacados                      atac
atacam                        atac
atacando                      atac
atacante                      atacant
atacar                        atac
atacaram                      atac
atacou                        atac
atadas                        atad
atalho                        atalh
ataque                        ataqu
ataques                       ataqu
atarefado                     ataref
atarracada                    atarrac
atarracado                    atarrac
atas                          atas
ataturk                       ataturk
ate'                          ate'
ateado                        ate
atear                         ate
atelie^                       ateli
atenas                        aten
atenc,a~o                     atenc,a~
atenc,o~es                    atenc,o~
atende                        atend
atendem                       atend
atendendo                     atend
atender                       atend
atenderam                     atend
atendeu                       atend
atendi                        atend
atendia                       atend
atendida                      atend
atendidas                     atend
atendido                      atend
atendidos                     atend
atendimento                   atend
atendimentos                  atend
atenta                        atent
atentado                      atent
atentados                     atent
atentamente                   atent
atentaram                     atent
atentas                       atent
atente                        atent
atento                        atent
atentos                       atent
atenua                        atenu
atenuado                      atenu
atenuados                     atenu
atenuantes                    atenuant
aterrisar                     aterris
aterrissado                   aterriss
aterrissagens                 aterrissagens
aterrissar                    aterriss
aterroriza'                   aterroriz
aterrorizar                   aterroriz
atesta                        atest
atestada                      atest
atestado                      atest
atestar                       atest
atibaia                       atiba
a'tica                        a'tic
a'tila                        a'til
atilio                        atili
ati'lio                       ati'li
atinge                        ating
atingi                        ating
atingia                       ating
atingida                      ating
atingidas                     ating
atingido                      ating
atingidos                     ating
atingir                       ating
atingiram                     ating
atingisse                     ating
atingissem                    ating
atingiu                       ating
ati'pica                      ati'p
ati'pico                      ati'p
atira                         atir
atirado                       atir
atirador                      atir
atirados                      atir
atirando                      atir
atirar                        atir
atirasse                      atir
atire                         atir
atirei                        atir
atirou                        atir
atitude                       atitud
atitudes                      atitud
ativa                         ativ
ativada                       ativ
ativadas                      ativ
ativamente                    ativ
ativar                        ativ
ativas                        ativ
atividade                     ativ
atividades                    ativ
ativista                      ativ
ativo                         ativ
ativos                        ativ
atlanta                       atlant
atla^ntico                    atla^nt
atleta                        atlet
atletas                       atlet
atle'tica                     atle't
atle'tico                     atle't
atmosfera                     atmosf
atmosfe'rica                  atmosfe'r
ato                           ato
atol                          atol
atolada                       atol
atolado                       atol
atoleiro                      atoleir
atoll                         atoll
ato^mica                      ato^m
ato^micas                     ato^m
ato^mico                      ato^m
ato^nito                      ato^nit
ato^nitos                     ato^nit
ator                          ator
atores                        ator
atormenta                     atorment
atormentada                   atorment
atormentado                   atorment
atormentam                    atorment
atormentar                    atorment
atormentou                    atorment
atos                          atos
atp                           atp
atraca                        atrac
atracadas                     atrac
atracados                     atrac
atrac,a~o                     atrac,a~
atrac,o~es                    atrac,o~
atraem                        atra
atraente                      atraent
atraentes                     atraent
atrai                         atra
atrai'da                      atrai'd
atrai'das                     atrai'd
atrai'do                      atrai'd
atrai'dos                     atrai'd
atraindo                      atra
atrair                        atra
atraira'                      atra
atrai'ram                     atrai'r
atrairia                      atra
atrai'sse                     atrai'ss
atraiu                        atra
atrapalha                     atrapalh
atrapalhado                   atrapalh
atrapalhando                  atrapalh
atrapalhar                    atrapalh
atrapalharem                  atrapalh
atrapalhasse                  atrapalh
atrapalhem                    atrapalh
atra's                        atra's
atrasada                      atras
atrasadas                     atras
atrasado                      atras
atrasados                     atras
atrasar                       atras
atrasaria                     atras
atrasariam                    atras
atraso                        atras
atrasos                       atras
atrativo                      atrat
atrativos                     atrat
atravancado                   atravanc
atrave's                      atrave's
atravessa                     atravess
atravessado                   atravess
atravessar                    atravess
atravessaram                  atravess
atravessaria                  atravess
atravessava                   atravess
atravessavam                  atravess
atravessei                    atravess
atravessou                    atravess
atrelada                      atrel
atrelado                      atrel
atrelados                     atrel
atrelando                     atrel
atrelaram                     atrel
atreveu                       atrev
atribuem                      atribu
atribui                       atribu
atribuic,a~o                  atribuic,a~
atribuic,o~es                 atribuic,o~
atribui'da                    atribui'd
atribui'do                    atribui'd
atribui'dos                   atribui'd
atribuir                      atribu
atribui'ram                   atribui'r
atribuiu                      atribu
atribulada                    atribul
atributo                      atribut
atributos                     atribut
atrito                        atrit
atritos                       atrit
atriz                         atriz
atrizes                       atriz
atrocidade                    atroc
atrocidades                   atroc
atrofiadas                    atrofi
atrofiar                      atrofi
atropelado                    atropel
atropelamentos                atropel
atropelou                     atropel
atroz                         atroz
atrriz                        atrriz
atua                          atu
atuac,a~o                     atuac,a~
atuac,o~es                    atuac,o~
atuais                        atu
atual                         atual
atualidade                    atual
atualizac,a~o                 atualiz
atualizando                   atualiz
atualizar                     atualiz
atualizei                     atualiz
atualizo                      atualiz
atualmente                    atual
atuam                         atu
atuando                       atu
atuante                       atuant
atuantes                      atuant
atuar                         atu
atuava                        atu
atuavam                       atu
atum                          atum
atuou                         atu
atura'                        atur
aturdido                      aturd
audaciosa                     audac
audacioso                     audac
audaciosos                    audac
auden                         auden
audi                          aud
audic,a~o                     audic,a~
audie^ncia                    audie^nc
audie^ncias                   audie^nc
audio                         audi
audiovisuais                  audiovisu
auditiva                      audit
auditivo                      audit
auditor                       auditor
auditores                     auditor
auditoria                     auditor
auditorias                    auditor
audito'rio                    audito'ri
audito'rios                   audito'ri
auditpharma                   auditpharm
auge                          aug
augusta                       august
augusti                       august
augusto                       august
aula                          aul
aulas                         aul
aumenta                       aument
aumentada                     aument
aumentado                     aument
aumentados                    aument
aumentam                      aument
aumentando                    aument
aumentar                      aument
aumentara'                    aument
aumentaram                    aument
aumentarem                    aument
aumentaria                    aument
aumentasse                    aument
aumentava                     aument
aumente                       aument
aumentem                      aument
aumento                       aument
aumentos                      aument
aumentou                      aument
aura                          aur
a'urea                        a'ur
aureliano                     aurelian
aure'lio                      aure'li
a'ureos                       a'ur
aurora                        auror
auschwitz                     auschwitz
ause^ncia                     ause^nc
ause^ncias                    ause^nc
ausente                       ausent
austeridade                   auster
austero                       auster
austin                        austin
austolft                      austolft
austra'lia                    austra'l
australian                    australian
australiana                   australian
australiano                   australian
a'ustria                      a'ustr
austri'aco                    austri'ac
austri'acos                   austri'ac
autarquia                     autarqu
auta'rquica                   auta'rqu
aute^ntica                    aute^nt
aute^nticas                   aute^nt
autenticidade                 autent
aute^ntico                    aute^nt
autismo                       autism
auto                          aut
autobahns                     autobahns
autobiografia                 autobiograf
autobiogra'fico               autobiogra'f
autocandidato                 autocandidat
autoconhecimento              autoconhec
autocri'tica                  autocri't
auto'ctone                    auto'cton
auto'ctones                   auto'cton
autodidata                    autodidat
auto'dromo                    auto'drom
autogozac,a~o                 autogoz
auto'grafo                    auto'graf
auto'grafos                   auto'graf
automac,a~o                   autom
automa'tica                   automa't
automaticamente               automat
automa'ticas                  automa't
automa'tico                   automa't
automatizar                   automatiz
automedicac,a~o               automedic
automedicar                   automedic
automobilismo                 automobil
automobili'stica              automobili'st
automobili'sticos             automobili'st
automodelismo                 automodel
automotiva                    automot
automotivo                    automot
automo'veis                   automo'v
automo'vel                    automo'vel
auto^noma                     auto^nom
autonomia                     autonom
auto^nomo                     auto^nom
autopec,as                    autopec
autoprotec,a~o                autoprotec,a~
auto'psia                     auto'ps
auto'psias                    auto'ps
autopsy                       autopsy
autor                         autor
autora                        autor
autorais                      autor
autoral                       autoral
autores                       autor
autoria                       autor
autoridade                    autor
autoridades                   autor
autorita'ria                  autorita'r
autorita'rios                 autorita'ri
autoriza'                     autoriz
autorizac,a~o                 autoriz
autorizac,o~es                autoriz
autorizada                    autoriz
autorizadas                   autoriz
autorizado                    autoriz
autorizados                   autoriz
autorizando                   autoriz
autorizar                     autoriz
autorizou                     autoriz
autos                         aut
autran                        autran
autuados                      autu
autuar                        autu
auxiliado                     auxili
auxiliar                      auxili
auxi'lio                      auxi'li
auxiliou                      auxili
av                            av
avabens                       avabens
avai'                         ava
aval                          aval
avalanche                     avalanch
avalia                        aval
avaliac,a~o                   avali
avaliac,o~es                  avali
avaliada                      avali
avaliadas                     avali
avaliado                      avali
avaliadores                   avali
avaliados                     avali
avaliam                       aval
avaliando                     avali
avaliar                       avali
avaliarem                     avali
avaliou                       avali
avalista                      aval
avalizou                      avaliz
avallone                      avallon
avanc,a                       avanc
avanc,ada                     avanc
avanc,adas                    avanc
avanc,ado                     avanc
avanc,ados                    avanc
avanc,am                      avanc
avanc,ando                    avanc
avanc,ar                      avanc
avanc,aram                    avanc
avanc,avam                    avanc
avance                        avanc
avancini                      avancin
avanc,o                       avanc
avanc,os                      avanc
avanc,ou                      avanc
avantajado                    avantaj
avante                        avant
avare'                        avar
avariado                      avari
avariou                       avari
avassaladora                  avassal
ave                           ave
avedon                        avedon
avelino                       avelin
avenida                       aven
avenidas                      aven
avenidona                     avenidon
aventura                      aventur
aventuram                     aventur
aventuras                     aventur
aventureiro                   aventureir
aventureiros                  aventureir
aventuresca                   aventuresc
aventurou                     aventur
avenue                        avenu
averiguadas                   averigu
avermelhada                   avermelh
avermelhadas                  avermelh
aversa~o                      aversa~
aves                          aves
avessas                       avess
avesso                        avess
avestruz                      avestruz
avestruzes                    avestruz
avestuz                       avestuz
avi                           avi
aviac,a~o                     aviac,a~
aviador                       aviador
avia~o                        avia~
avia~ozinho                   avia~ozinh
aviation                      aviation
a'vida                        a'vid
avidamente                    avid
a'vidas                       a'vid
avidez                        avidez
a'vido                        a'vid
a'vila                        a'vil
avinagrar                     avinagr
avio~es                       avio~
avisa                         avis
avisa'                        avis
avisado                       avis
avisados                      avis
avisamos                      avis
avisando                      avis
avisar                        avis
avisasse                      avis
avisei                        avis
aviso                         avis
avisou                        avis
avista                        avist
avistados                     avist
avistara                      avist
avistaram                     avist
avistou                       avist
aviv                          aviv
avo'                          avo'
avo^                          avo^
avon                          avon
avo's                         avo's
avulsas                       avuls
award                         award
awards                        awards
axe'                          axe'
axila                         axil
axilas                        axil
ayres                         ayres
ayrton                        ayrton
azar                          azar
azarados                      azar
azara~o                       azara~
azarar                        azar
azedam                        azed
azedo                         azed
azeitada                      azeit
azeitado                      azeit
azeitona                      azeiton
azeredo                       azered
azevedo                       azeved
azia                          azi
azt                           azt
azuis                         azu
azul                          azul
azulados                      azul
azulejos                      azulej
b                             b
ba                            ba
ba'                           ba'
baba                          bab
baba'                         bab
babac,u                       babac,u
babados                       bab
babalao^                      babalao^
babalorixa'                   babalorix
babaquice                     babaquic
baba's                        baba's
babel                         babel
baby                          baby
bacalhau                      bacalhau
bacana                        bacan
bach                          bach
bacha                         bach
bacharel                      bacharel
bacia                         bac
bacias                        bac
bacilo'gena                   bacilo'gen
back                          back
backar                        back
bacte'rias                    bacte'r
bad                           bad
bada                          bad
badalac,a~o                   badal
badalac,o~es                  badal
badalada                      badal
badaladas                     badal
badalado                      badal
badalados                     badal
badan                         badan
baden                         baden
baderna                       badern
baderneiros                   baderneir
badulaques                    badulaqu
bafo                          baf
baforada                      bafor
baforadas                     bafor
bag                           bag
bagageiro                     bagageir
bagageiros                    bagageir
bagagem                       bagag
bagagens                      bagagens
bagatela                      bagatel
bagrezinho                    bagrezinh
bagunc,a                      bagunc
bagunc,ar                     bagunc
bahamas                       baham
bahia                         bah
baht                          baht
bahts                         bahts
bai'a                         bai'
baiana                        baian
baianinho                     baianinh
baiano                        baian
baianos                       baian
baigal                        baigal
baikal                        baikal
baikonur                      baikonur
bailarina                     bailarin
bailarino                     bailarin
bailarinos                    bailarin
baile                         bail
bailes                        bail
bailo                         bail
bairro                        bairr
bairros                       bairr
baisch                        baisch
baita                         bait
baixa                         baix
baixada                       baix
baixar                        baix
baixaria                      baix
baixarias                     baix
baixas                        baix
baixe                         baix
baixelas                      baixel
baixinha                      baixinh
baixinhas                     baixinh
baixinho                      baixinh
baixinhos                     baixinh
baixo                         baix
baixos                        baix
baixou                        baix
bala                          bal
balabanian                    balabanian
balada                        bal
balanc,a                      balanc
balanc,ado                    balanc
balanc,ando                   balanc
balanc,o                      balanc
balanc,os                     balanc
bala~o                        bala~
balas                         bal
balbuciam                     balbuc
balbuciar                     balbuc
balbuciou                     balbuc
balbu'rdia                    balbu'rd
balca~o                       balca~
balconista                    balcon
balconistas                   balcon
baldaracci                    baldaracc
balde                         bald
baldes                        bald
baldio                        baldi
bale'                         bal
baleado                       bal
balear                        bal
baleia                        bal
baleias                       bal
baleiro                       baleir
bali                          bal
balido                        bal
balizamento                   baliz
balizar                       baliz
balnea'rio                    balnea'ri
balnea'rios                   balnea'ri
balo~es                       balo~
balsa                         bals
ba'lsamos                     ba'ls
baltimore                     baltimor
baluarte                      baluart
bamba                         bamb
bambas                        bamb
bambi                         bamb
bamerindus                    bamerindus
ban                           ban
banais                        ban
banal                         banal
banalizac,a~o                 banaliz
banalizar                     banaliz
banana                        banan
bananas                       banan
bananeiras                    bananeir
banca                         banc
bancada                       banc
bancadas                      banc
bancados                      banc
bancaire                      bancair
bancar                        banc
banca'ria                     banca'r
banca'rias                    banca'r
banca'rio                     banca'ri
banca'rios                    banca'ri
bancas                        banc
banco                         banc
bancos                        banc
bancou                        banc
band                          band
banda                         band
bandana                       bandan
bandas                        band
bandeia                       band
bandeira                      bandeir
bandeirantes                  bandeirant
bandeiras                     bandeir
bandeirinha                   bandeirinh
bandeja                       bandej
bandeou                       band
bandido                       band
bandidos                      band
bando                         band
bandos                        band
banerj                        banerj
banespa                       banesp
bang                          bang
bangalo^s                     bangalo^s
bangcoc                       bangcoc
bangoc                        bangoc
bangu                         bangu
bangue                        bang
bangues                       bangu
banha                         banh
banhas                        banh
banheira                      banheir
banheiro                      banheir
banheiros                     banheir
banho                         banh
banhos                        banh
banido                        ban
banir                         ban
banis                         ban
baniu                         ban
bank                          bank
banking                       banking
banks                         banks
banque                        banqu
banqueiro                     banqueir
banqueiros                    banqueir
banqueteira                   banqueteir
bantim                        bantim
banzeco                       banzec
banzer                        banz
baptista                      baptist
baque                         baqu
bar                           bar
baralho                       baralh
bara~o                        bara~
barassal                      barassal
barata                        barat
baratas                       barat
barateara'                    barat
barateia                      barat
barati'ssimos                 barati'ss
barato                        barat
baratos                       barat
barba                         barb
barbacena                     barbacen
barbalho                      barbalh
barbara                       barb
barbaridades                  barbar
barba'rie                     barba'ri
barbarismo                    barbar
barbariza                     barbariz
ba'rbaro                      ba'rbar
ba'rbaros                     ba'rbar
barbas                        barb
barbeado                      barb
barbear                       barb
barbearias                    barb
barbeiragem                   barbeirag
barbeiro                      barbeir
barbeiros                     barbeir
barbie                        barbi
barbitu'ricos                 barbitu'r
barbosa                       barbos
barbudos                      barbud
barcac,as                     barcac
barcelos                      barcel
barco                         barc
barcos                        barc
bardo                         bard
bares                         bar
barganha                      barganh
barganhar                     barganh
bariloche                     bariloch
bari'tono                     bari'ton
barkopolos                    barkopol
barman                        barman
barn                          barn
barnes                        barn
baro~es                       baro~
baron                         baron
baroni                        baron
barra                         barr
barraca                       barrac
barracas                      barrac
barraco                       barrac
barraco~es                    barraco~
barracos                      barrac
barrado                       barr
barrados                      barr
barragens                     barragens
barram                        barr
barranco                      barranc
barrancos                     barranc
barrando                      barr
barrar                        barr
barras                        barr
barraviera                    barravi
barre                         barr
barreira                      barreir
barreiras                     barreir
barrentas                     barrent
barreto                       barret
barriga                       barrig
barrigudo                     barrigud
barril                        barril
barris                        barr
barro                         barr
barros                        barr
barroso                       barros
bartolomeu                    bartolom
barulhento                    barulhent
barulhentos                   barulhent
barulho                       barulh
barulhos                      barulh
barzinho                      barzinh
barzinhos                     barzinh
basbaum                       basbaum
base                          bas
baseada                       bas
baseadas                      bas
baseado                       bas
baseia                        bas
baseiam                       bas
baseou                        bas
bases                         bas
ba'sica                       ba'sic
basicamente                   basic
ba'sicas                      ba'sic
ba'sico                       ba'sic
ba'sicos                      ba'sic
basi'lica                     basi'l
basquete                      basquet
basso                         bass
bassoleil                     bassoleil
basta                         bast
bastante                      bastant
bastaria                      bast
bastasse                      bast
bastassem                     bast
bastava                       bast
bastidores                    bastidor
bastos                        bast
bastou                        bast
batalha                       batalh
batalham                      batalh
batalha~o                     batalha~
batalhar                      batalh
batalhas                      batalh
batalho~es                    batalho~
batalhou                      batalh
batata                        batat
batatas                       batat
bate                          bat
batedores                     batedor
batelada                      batel
batem                         bat
batendo                       bat
batente                       batent
bater                         bat
batera'                       bat
bateria                       bat
baterias                      bat
baterista                     bater
batesse                       bat
bateu                         bat
bati                          bat
batia                         bat
batiam                        bat
batida                        bat
batido                        bat
batidos                       bat
batimento                     batiment
batismo                       batism
batismos                      batism
batista                       batist
batistas                      batist
batiza                        batiz
batizada                      batiz
batizadas                     batiz
batizado                      batiz
batizados                     batiz
batizou                       batiz
batom                         batom
batons                        batons
battistella                   battistell
batucada                      batuc
batucar                       batuc
batuta                        batut
baumgarten                    baumgarten
baunilha                      baunilh
bauzys                        bauzys
bava'ria                      bava'r
bazaar                        baza
bazar                         baz
bb                            bb
bba                           bba
bbc                           bbc
bc                            bc
bchara                        bchar
bcn                           bcn
bcr                           bcr
be                            be
be^                           be^
bea                           bea
beak                          beak
beat                          beat
beatificac,a~o                beatific
beatificados                  beatific
beatlemani'aco                beatlemani'ac
beatles                       beatl
beato                         beat
beatos                        beat
beatriz                       beatriz
beautiful                     beautiful
beauvoir                      beauvo
beaux                         beaux
be^bada                       be^b
be^bado                       be^b
be^bados                      be^b
bebam                         beb
bebe                          beb
bebe^                         beb
bebedeira                     bebedeir
bebedeiras                    bebedeir
bebedouro                     bebedour
bebem                         beb
bebendo                       beb
beber                         beb
bebericar                     beberic
bebes                         beb
bebe^s                        bebe^s
bebesse                       beb
bebete                        bebet
bebeto                        bebet
bebia                         beb
bebiam                        beb
bebida                        beb
bebidas                       beb
bec                           bec
beca                          bec
becker                        beck
beco                          bec
becomes                       becom
becos                         bec
bege                          beg
beihai                        beiha
beija                         beij
beija'                        beij
beijado                       beij
beijando                      beij
beijar                        beij
beijaram                      beij
beijinhos                     beijinh
beijo                         beij
beijos                        beij
beijou                        beij
beira                         beir
beiram                        beir
beirute                       beirut
beisebol                      beisebol
beisiegel                     beisiegel
beitszaerhu                   beitszaerhu
bekaa                         beka
bekierman                     bekierman
bel                           bel
bela                          bel
belas                         bel
belchior                      belchior
beldades                      beldad
belele'u                      belele'u
bele'm                        bele'm
beleza                        belez
belezas                       belez
belga                         belg
be'lgica                      be'lgic
belgo                         belg
beliches                      belich
belicosa                      belic
belicoso                      belic
beliscam                      belisc
beliscamos                    belisc
beliscando                    belisc
belisca~o                     belisca~
beliscar                      belisc
belisco~es                    belisco~
beli'ssimo                    beli'ssim
bell                          bell
bellini                       bellin
bellsouth                     bellsouth
belmondo                      belmond
belo                          bel
belos                         bel
beltrame                      beltram
beltran                       beltran
beltra~o                      beltra~
bem                           bem
ben                           ben
benatti                       benatt
be^nc,a~o                     be^nc,a~
benedita                      benedit
benedito                      benedit
beneducci                     beneducc
bene'fica                     bene'f
benefice^ncia                 beneficent
beneficente                   beneficent
beneficentes                  beneficent
beneficia                     benefic
beneficiada                   benefic
beneficiado                   benefic
beneficiados                  benefic
beneficiamento                benefic
beneficiando                  benefic
beneficiar                    benefic
beneficiaram                  benefic
beneficia'rios                beneficia'ri
beneficiava                   benefic
beneficiavam                  benefic
benefi'cio                    benefi'ci
benefi'cios                   benefi'ci
beneficiou                    benefic
bene'fico                     bene'f
benesses                      ben
benevole^ncia                 benevolent
benfeitor                     benfeitor
benfeitores                   benfeitor
benigna                       benign
benigno                       benign
benignos                      benign
benin                         benin
benitez                       benitez
benito                        benit
benja                         benj
benjamim                      benjamim
benjamin                      benjamin
bens                          bens
bento                         bent
benz                          benz
benzedeira                    benzedeir
benzedeiras                   benzedeir
benzedura                     benzedur
benzer                        benz
benzidos                      benz
beraldo                       berald
berc,o                        berc
beredo                        bered
berenice                      berenic
bergamin                      bergamin
bergen                        bergen
bergkamp                      bergkamp
bergman                       bergman
be'ria                        be'r
berimbau                      berimbau
berimbaus                     berimbaus
berkeley                      berkeley
berlim                        berlim
berlinda                      berlind
bermuda                       bermud
bermuda~o                     bermuda~
bermudas                      bermud
bernard                       bernard
bernarda                      bernard
bernardes                     bern
bernardino                    bernardin
bernardo                      bernard
beron                         beron
berra                         berr
berrante                      berrant
berrio                        berri
berro                         berr
bert                          bert
bertoli                       bertol
bertolozzi                    bertolozz
bertrand                      bertrand
besc                          besc
bessa                         bess
besserman                     besserman
bessie                        bessi
best                          best
besta                         best
besteira                      besteir
beta                          bet
betaendorfinas                betaendorfin
betancourt                    betancourt
beta^nia                      beta^n
bete                          bet
beterraba                     beterrab
beth                          beth
betha^nia                     betha^n
bethesda                      bethesd
betim                         betim
betinho                       betinh
beto                          bet
betti                         bett
betto                         bett
betty                         betty
be'tulas                      be'tul
betzig                        betzig
bexiga                        bexig
bezerra                       bezerr
bezerros                      bezerr
bh                            bh
bhopal                        bhopal
bhumibol                      bhumibol
bia                           bia
bial                          bial
biancarelli                   biancarell
bianchi                       bianch
bianco                        bianc
biba                          bib
bibelo^s                      bibelo^s
bibi                          bib
bible                         bibl
bi'blia                       bi'bl
bi'blias                      bi'bl
bi'blica                      bi'blic
bi'blicas                     bi'blic
bi'blico                      bi'blic
bi'blicos                     bi'blic
biblio'fila                   biblio'fil
biblioteca                    bibliotec
bibliotecas                   bibliotec
bicampea~o                    bicampea~
bicha                         bich
bicheiro                      bicheir
bicheiros                     bicheir
bichinhos                     bichinh
bicho                         bich
bicho~es                      bicho~
bichos                        bich
bichou                        bich
bicicleta                     biciclet
bicicletas                    biciclet
bico                          bic
bicos                         bic
bicudo                        bicud
bide^                         bid
bie'                          bie'
bienal                        bienal
bier                          bier
bife                          bif
big                           big
bigoda~o                      bigoda~
bigode                        bigod
bigodudos                     bigodud
bijuterias                    bijut
bikini                        bikin
bikinianos                    bikinian
bilha~o                       bilha~
bilhete                       bilhet
bilheteria                    bilhet
bilhetes                      bilhet
bilho~es                      bilho~
bili'ngue                     bili'ng
bili'ngues                    bili'ngu
biliona'rias                  biliona'r
biliona'rio                   biliona'ri
biliona'rios                  biliona'ri
bill                          bill
billings                      billings
billo                         bill
billy                         billy
bilro                         bilr
bimestre                      bimestr
bimotores                     bimotor
bind                          bind
bingo                         bing
binoche                       binoch
bio                           bio
biodiversidade                biodivers
biografia                     biograf
biogra'fico                   biogra'f
bio'grafos                    bio'graf
bio'loga                      bio'log
biologia                      biolog
biolo'gica                    biolo'g
biolo'gicas                   biolo'g
biolo'gico                    biolo'g
biolo'gicos                   biolo'g
bio'logo                      bio'log
bio'logos                     bio'log
biome'dica                    biome'd
biome'dico                    biome'd
bio'psia                      bio'ps
bioqui'mica                   bioqui'm
bioqui'micos                  bioqui'm
biotecnologia                 biotecnolog
biotipo                       biotip
bip                           bip
bi'pede                       bi'ped
bips                          bips
biqui'ni                      biqui'n
biqui'nis                     biqui'n
birulio                       biruli
bis                           bis
bisavo^                       bisavo^
bisavo's                      bisavo's
bisbilhotar                   bisbilhot
biscoito                      biscoit
biscoitos                     biscoit
bismarck                      bismarck
bispa                         bisp
bispo                         bisp
bispos                        bisp
bissexto                      bissext
bissexuais                    bissexu
bistro^                       bistro^
bistro^s                      bistro^s
bisturi                       bistur
bita                          bit
bits                          bits
bixiga                        bixig
bizantina                     bizantin
bizantino                     bizantin
bizantinos                    bizantin
bizarra                       bizarr
bizarras                      bizarr
bizarrices                    bizarric
bizz                          bizz
bjorn                         bjorn
black                         black
blague                        blag
blair                         bla
blairo                        blair
blanc                         blanc
blanchard                     blanchard
blanco                        blanc
blanqui                       blanqu
blazer                        blaz
blazers                       blazers
blecaute                      blecaut
blecautes                     blecaut
blecher                       blech
blefe                         blef
blend                         blend
blends                        blends
blindado                      blind
blindados                     blind
blitz                         blitz
bloch                         bloch
blocker                       block
bloco                         bloc
blocos                        bloc
bloqueadoras                  bloqueador
bloqueadores                  bloqueador
bloquear                      bloqu
bloqueia                      bloqu
bloqueiam                     bloqu
bloqueio                      bloquei
bloquinho                     bloquinh
bloris                        blor
blue                          blu
blues                         blu
blumenau                      blumenau
blusa                         blus
blush                         blush
blushes                       blush
blusinhas                     blusinh
bmc                           bmc
bmg                           bmg
bmi                           bmi
bmw                           bmw
bndes                         bndes
boa                           boa
boainain                      boainain
boas                          boas
bo^as                         bo^as
boassu                        boassu
boataria                      boat
boate                         boat
boates                        boat
boatos                        boat
bob                           bob
boba                          bob
bobagem                       bobag
bobagens                      bobagens
bobalho~es                    bobalho~
bobear                        bob
bobeira                       bobeir
bobinho                       bobinh
bobinhos                      bobinh
bobo                          bob
bobs                          bobs
boca                          boc
bocadas                       boc
bocadinho                     bocadinh
bocado                        boc
bocaiu'va                     bocaiu'v
boc,al                        boc,al
bocarra                       bocarr
bocas                         boc
bode                          bod
bodoque                       bodoqu
body                          body
boeing                        boeing
boem                          boem
boemia                        boem
boe^mio                       boe^mi
boe^mios                      boe^mi
bogota'                       bogot
boi                           boi
bo'ia                         bo'i
boiando                       boi
boicotar                      boicot
boicote                       boicot
boieng                        boieng
bois                          bois
bola                          bol
bolachas                      bolach
bolada                        bol
bola~o                        bola~
bolar                         bol
bolaram                       bol
bolas                         bol
bolero                        boler
boletim                       boletim
bolha                         bolh
bolhas                        bolh
bolinha                       bolinh
bolinhas                      bolinh
bolinhos                      bolinh
boli'via                      boli'v
boliviana                     bolivian
boliviano                     bolivian
bolivianos                    bolivian
bolkan                        bolkan
bolo                          bol
bolonha                       bolonh
bolsa                         bols
bolsas                        bols
bolso                         bols
bolsos                        bols
bom                           bom
bomb                          bomb
bomba                         bomb
bombardeada                   bombard
bombardeado                   bombard
bombardear                    bombard
bombardeia                    bombard
bombardeio                    bombardei
bombardeiro                   bombardeir
bombardeiros                  bombardeir
bombardeou                    bombard
bombardier                    bombardi
bombas                        bomb
bomba'stica                   bomba'st
bomba'sticas                  bomba'st
bomba'stico                   bomba'st
bombeado                      bomb
bombear                       bomb
bombeiro                      bombeir
bombeiros                     bombeir
bombinha                      bombinh
bombinhas                     bombinh
bombons                       bombons
bomprec,o                     bomprec
bonadone                      bonadon
bonano                        bonan
bonde                         bond
bonder                        bond
bondes                        bond
bonds                         bonds
bone'                         bon
boneca                        bonec
bonecas                       bonec
boneco                        bonec
bonecos                       bonec
bonequinhas                   bonequinh
bone's                        bone's
bonfim                        bonfim
boni                          bon
bonifa'cio                    bonifa'ci
boninho                       boninh
bonita                        bonit
bonita~o                      bonita~
bonitas                       bonit
bonitinha                     bonitinh
bonitinho                     bonitinh
bonito                        bonit
bonito~es                     bonito~
bonitos                       bonit
bonn                          bonn
bonomi                        bonom
bons                          bons
bonzinho                      bonzinh
book                          book
books                         books
boom                          boom
booz                          booz
bora                          bor
borba                         borb
borboleta                     borbolet
borda                         bord
bordado                       bord
borda~o                       borda~
bordas                        bord
bordeaux                      bordeaux
bordo                         bord
bordo~es                      bordo~
borg                          borg
borges                        borg
borghese                      borghes
boris                         bor
borja                         borj
borjalo                       borjal
borne'u                       borne'u
bornhausen                    bornhausen
borra                         borr
borracha                      borrach
borrada                       borr
borrados                      borr
borrifada                     borrif
borsoi                        borso
bosc                          bosc
bosco                         bosc
boseggia                      bosegg
bo'sforo                      bo'sfor
bo'snia                       bo'sn
bosques                       bosqu
bossa                         boss
boston                        boston
bota                          bot
botafogo                      botafog
botando                       bot
bota^nico                     bota^n
bota~o                        bota~
botar                         bot
botas                         bot
bote                          bot
boteco                        botec
botecos                       botec
botei                         bot
botelho                       botelh
botequim                      botequim
botero                        boter
boticelli                     boticell
botija~o                      botija~
botinha                       botinh
boto                          bot
boto~es                       boto~
botou                         bot
botteghin                     botteghin
botton                        botton
botucatu                      botucatu
boucinhas                     boucinh
boulevard                     boulevard
bouquet                       bouquet
bourget                       bourget
bouterse                      bouters
bovary                        bovary
bovespa                       bovesp
bovina                        bovin
bovino                        bovin
bowie                         bowi
bowl                          bowl
box                           box
boxe                          box
boxeador                      boxeador
boxes                         box
boy                           boy
bozano                        bozan
bozzano                       bozzan
bps                           bps
br                            br
brac,al                       brac,al
brac,o                        brac
brac,os                       brac
bradesco                      bradesc
bradicinina                   bradicinin
bradley                       bradley
bradou                        brad
braga                         brag
braganc,a                     braganc
braganc,as                    braganc
brahma                        brahm
branca                        branc
brancaleone                   brancaleon
brancas                       branc
branco                        branc
brancos                       branc
branda                        brand
branda~o                      branda~
brandindo                     brand
brando                        brand
brandt                        brandt
branqueamento                 branqueament
branquinho                    branquinh
brant                         brant
brantes                       brant
braquiterapia                 braquiterap
bra's                         bra's
brasil                        brasil
brasila^ndia                  brasila^nd
brasileira                    brasileir
brasileirada                  brasileir
brasileiras                   brasileir
brasileirinho                 brasileirinh
brasileirismo                 brasileir
brasileiro                    brasileir
brasileiros                   brasileir
brasi'lia                     brasi'l
brasiliano                    brasilian
brasi'licas                   brasi'l
brasilidade                   brasil
brasiliense                   brasiliens
brasiloche                    brasiloch
brasilpar                     brasilp
brasmarket                    brasmarket
brava                         brav
bravio                        bravi
bravo                         brav
bravos                        brav
braz                          braz
brazel                        brazel
brazil                        brazil
braziliense                   braziliens
brazucas                      brazuc
brca                          brca
brecar                        brec
brecha                        brech
brechas                       brech
brecht                        brecht
brega                         breg
breguices                     breguic
brejo                         brej
breno                         bren
bressan                       bressan
bresser                       bress
bretanha                      bretanh
brett                         brett
breuer                        breu
breve                         brev
brevemente                    brevement
breves                        brev
brevetado                     brevet
brevetagem                    brevetag
briefing                      briefing
briga                         brig
brigada                       brig
brigadeiro                    brigadeir
brigado                       brig
brigam                        brig
brigamos                      brig
brigar                        brig
brigaram                      brig
brigas                        brig
briga'vamos                   brig
brigou                        brig
briguei                       brigu
briguenta                     briguent
brilha                        brilh
brilham                       brilh
brilhando                     brilh
brilhante                     brilhant
brilhantes                    brilhant
brilhantina                   brilhantin
brilho                        brilh
brinca                        brinc
brincadeira                   brincadeir
brincadeiras                  brincadeir
brincalha~o                   brincalha~
brincam                       brinc
brincando                     brinc
brincar                       brinc
brincava                      brinc
brinco                        brinc
brincos                       brinc
brincou                       brinc
brindados                     brind
brinde                        brind
brindes                       brind
brinque                       brinqu
brinquedo                     brinqued
brinquedos                    brinqued
brinquinho                    brinquinh
brisa                         bris
brissac                       brissac
brita                         brit
brita^nica                    brita^n
brita^nico                    brita^n
brita^nicos                   brita^n
britannia                     britann
british                       british
brito                         brit
brittes                       britt
britto                        britt
brizola                       brizol
broadway                      broadway
brocas                        broc
brocca                        brocc
brochar                       broch
bro'colis                     bro'col
broderbund                    broderbund
bronca                        bronc
broncas                       bronc
bronco                        bronc
broncodilatadores             broncodilat
brondi                        brond
bronquite                     bronquit
bronstein                     bronstein
bronx                         bronx
bronze                        bronz
bronzeada                     bronz
bronzeado                     bronz
bronzeadores                  bronzeador
bronzeamento                  bronzeament
brookhaven                    brookhaven
brooklin                      brooklin
brooklyn                      brooklyn
bros                          bros
brotado                       brot
brotam                        brot
brotando                      brot
brotar                        brot
brotara'                      brot
brotaram                      brot
brotas                        brot
brotero                       broter
brothers                      brothers
broto                         brot
brotou                        brot
brown                         brown
browser                       brows
browsing                      browsing
bruce                         bruc
bruc,os                       bruc
brueghel                      brueghel
bruguera                      brugu
brum                          brum
brumas                        brum
bruna                         brun
brunet                        brunet
brunete                       brunet
brunini                       brunin
brunnhilde                    brunnhild
bruno                         brun
bruns                         bruns
bruscamente                   brusc
bruscas                       brusc
brusque                       brusqu
brut                          brut
bruta                         brut
brutais                       brut
brutal                        brutal
brutalidade                   brutal
brutalmente                   brutal
bruto                         brut
bruxa                         brux
bruxas                        brux
bruxismo                      bruxism
bryan                         bryan
bu                            bu
buaiz                         buaiz
buarque                       buarqu
bucal                         bucal
bucci                         bucc
buchadas                      buch
buchecha                      buchech
bucho                         buch
buchwald                      buchwald
buckup                        buckup
buco'lica                     buco'l
bucolicamente                 bucol
budismo                       budism
budista                       budist
buena                         buen
bueno                         buen
buenos                        buen
bu'falo                       bu'fal
bufantes                      bufant
bufe^                         buf
buger                         bug
bugigangas                    bugigang
buick                         buick
bui'que                       bui'qu
bujanda                       bujand
bula                          bul
bule'u                        bule'u
bulgari                       bulgar
bulga'ria                     bulga'r
bulhufas                      bulhuf
bum                           bum
bumbum                        bumbum
bumbuns                       bumbuns
bunda                         bund
bundas                        bund
bundinha                      bundinh
bundudo                       bundud
bunkers                       bunkers
buque^                        buqu
buraco                        burac
buracos                       burac
buraqueira                    buraqueir
buraqueiras                   buraqueir
burgos                        burg
burguesa                      burgues
burgueses                     burgues
buriatas                      buriat
buria'tia                     buria't
buriatos                      buriat
burin                         burin
buritis                       burit
burla                         burl
burlando                      burl
burlesco                      burlesc
burocracia                    burocrac
burocrata                     burocrat
burocratas                    burocrat
burocra'ticos                 burocra't
burra                         burr
burrice                       burric
burro                         burr
bursite                       bursit
buruma                        burum
busca                         busc
busca'                        busc
buscam                        busc
buscando                      busc
buscar                        busc
buscaram                      busc
buscava                       busc
buscopan                      buscopan
buscou                        busc
bush                          bush
business                      business
buss                          buss
bu'ssola                      bu'ssol
bussunda                      bussund
bustamante                    bustamant
busto                         bust
bustos                        bust
butanta~                      butanta~
butantan                      butantan
buta~o                        buta~
butique                       butiqu
butox                         butox
buttons                       buttons
buua'a'a'a'a'                 buua'a'a'a'
buying                        buying
buzaid                        buzaid
bu'zios                       bu'zi
bvrj                          bvrj
by                            by
bydlowski                     bydlowsk
bye                           bye
bytes                         bytes
c                             c
ca'                           ca'
caatinga                      caating
cabana                        caban
cabanas                       caban
cabare'                       cabar
cabare's                      cabare's
cabe                          cab
cabec,a                       cabec
cabec,as                      cabec
cabeceira                     cabeceir
cabec,udos                    cabec,ud
cabeleira                     cabeleir
cabeleireira                  cabeleireir
cabeleireiro                  cabeleireir
cabelereiro                   cabelereir
cabello                       cabell
cabelo                        cabel
cabelos                       cabel
cabeludo                      cabelud
cabem                         cab
cabendo                       cab
caber                         cab
cabera'                       cab
cabera~o                      cab
caberia                       cab
cabernet                      cabernet
cabide                        cabid
cabine                        cabin
cabines                       cabin
cabi'ria                      cabi'r
cabisbaixo                    cabisbaix
cabo                          cab
caboclo                       cabocl
cabos                         cab
cabotagem                     cabotag
cabra                         cabr
cabral                        cabral
cabras                        cabr
cabrini                       cabrin
cabriolet                     cabriolet
cabrita                       cabrit
cabritinhas                   cabritinh
cabuc,u                       cabuc,u
cac,a                         cac
caca'                         cac
cac,ada                       cac
cac,ado                       cac
cac,ador                      cac,ador
cac,adores                    cac,ador
cac,am                        cac
cac,ando                      cac
cac,ar                        cac
cac,aram                      cac
cac,as                        cac
cacau                         cacau
ca'ceres                      ca'c
cachac,a                      cachac
cachac,as                     cachac
cache^                        cach
cacheados                     cach
cachimbo                      cachimb
cachinhos                     cachinh
cachoeira                     cachoeir
cachoeiras                    cachoeir
cachorrinho                   cachorrinh
cachorrinhos                  cachorrinh
cachorro                      cachorr
cachorros                     cachorr
cacife                        cacif
cacique                       caciqu
caciques                      caciqu
cacoetes                      cacoet
cacos                         cac
cacto                         cact
cactos                        cact
cac,ula                       cac,ul
cada                          cad
cadastradas                   cadastr
cadastrado                    cadastr
cadastrados                   cadastr
cadastramento                 cadastr
cadastrando                   cadastr
cadastrar                     cadastr
cadastraram                   cadastr
cadastro                      cadastr
cada'ver                      cada'v
cada'veres                    cada'v
cadave'ricos                  cadave'r
cade                          cad
cade^                         cad
cadeia                        cad
cadeira                       cadeir
cadeiras                      cadeir
caderneta                     cadernet
cadernetas                    cadernet
caderno                       cadern
cadernos                      cadern
cadet                         cadet
cadetes                       cadet
cadillac                      cadillac
ca'dmio                       ca'dmi
cae                           cae
caem                          caem
caemi                         caem
ca~es                         ca~
caesar                        caes
caetano                       caetan
cafe'                         caf
cafeicultor                   cafeicultor
cafeicultores                 cafeicultor
cafe's                        cafe's
cafeta~o                      cafeta~
cafeterie                     cafeteri
cafetina                      cafetin
cafezais                      cafez
cafezinho                     cafezinh
cafezinhos                    cafezinh
caffe'                        caff
cafonice                      cafonic
cagada                        cag
cai                           cai
cai'                          cai'
cai'a                         cai'
cai'do                        cai'd
caiena                        caien
caindo                        caind
caio                          cai
caipira                       caip
caipirinha                    caipirinh
cair                          cair
caira'                        cair
cai'ram                       cai'r
cairia                        cair
cairo                         cair
cais                          cais
cai'sse                       cai'ss
caiu                          caiu
caixa                         caix
caixa~o                       caixa~
caixas                        caix
caixinha                      caixinh
caixotes                      caixot
caja'                         caj
cajado                        caj
cajueiro                      cajueir
cakoff                        cakoff
cal                           cal
calabria                      calabr
calada~o                      calada~
calado                        cal
calados                       cal
calamina                      calamin
calamitosa                    calamit
calamitoso                    calamit
calango                       calang
calar                         cal
calc,a                        calc
calcada                       calc
calc,ada                      calc
calc,adas                     calc
calcado                       calc
calc,ados                     calc
calcanhar                     calcanh
calc,a~o                      calc,a~
calc,aram                     calc
calca'ria                     calca'r
calc,as                       calc
calcinha                      calcinh
ca'lcio                       ca'lci
calcula                       calcul
calculada                     calcul
calculado                     calcul
calculadora                   calcul
calculadoras                  calcul
calculados                    calcul
calculam                      calcul
calcular                      calcul
calculava                     calcul
ca'lculo                      ca'lcul
ca'lculos                     ca'lcul
calculou                      calcul
calcuta'                      calcut
caldas                        cald
caldeira                      caldeir
caldeira~o                    cald
caldo                         cald
calenda'rio                   calenda'ri
calenda'rios                  calenda'ri
calendas                      calend
calhou                        calh
cali                          cal
calibre                       calibr
calicute                      calicut
california                    californ
califo'rnia                   califo'rn
calil                         calil
callas                        call
callegari                     callegar
callepso                      calleps
calligaris                    calligar
calma                         calm
calmamente                    calm
calmante                      calmant
calmantes                     calmant
calmaria                      calm
calmas                        calm
calminhas                     calminh
calor                         calor
caloria                       calor
calorias                      calor
calo'rico                     calo'r
calo'ricos                    calo'r
caloroso                      calor
calote                        calot
caloura                       calour
calouros                      calour
cals                          cals
calu'nia                      calu'n
calvacom                      calvacom
calva'rio                     calva'ri
calvin                        calvin
calvo                         calv
calypso                       calyps
calzadilla                    calzadill
cama                          cam
camacho                       camach
camada                        cam
camadas                       cam
camaleo^nica                  camaleo^n
camapua~                      camapua~
ca^mara                       ca^m
camarada                      camar
camara~o                      cam
ca^maras                      ca^m
camarena                      camaren
camargo                       camarg
camarim                       camarim
camarins                      camarins
camarote                      camarot
camas                         cam
cambara'                      camb
cambial                       cambial
ca^mbio                       ca^mbi
camboja                       camboj
cambojana                     cambojan
cambojano                     cambojan
cambojanos                    cambojan
cambridge                     cambridg
cambura~o                     cambura~
camburi                       cambur
camburo~es                    camburo~
came'lia                      came'l
came'lias                     came'l
camelo                        camel
camelo^                       camelo^
camelo^s                      camelo^s
camera                        cam
ca^mera                       ca^m
ca^meras                      ca^m
camila                        camil
camilla                       camill
camilo                        camil
caminha                       caminh
caminhada                     caminh
caminham                      caminh
caminhando                    caminh
caminha~o                     caminha~
caminhar                      caminh
caminhavam                    caminh
caminho                       caminh
caminho~es                    caminho~
caminhoneiro                  caminhoneir
caminhoneiros                 caminhoneir
caminhonete                   caminhonet
caminhonetes                  caminhonet
caminhos                      caminh
camino                        camin
camisa                        camis
camisaria                     camis
camisas                       camis
camiseta                      camiset
camisetas                     camiset
camisetinha                   camisetinh
camisinha                     camisinh
camisinhas                    camisinh
camisola                      camisol
camo~es                       camo~
camomila                      camomil
camp                          camp
campainha                     campainh
campana                       campan
campanha                      campanh
campanhas                     campanh
campea~                       campea~
campea~o                      campea~
campearam                     camp
campeava                      camp
campelo                       campel
campeo~es                     campeo~
campeonato                    campeonat
campeonatos                   campeonat
campesinos                    campesin
campestre                     campestr
campina                       campin
campinas                      campin
camping                       camping
campings                      campings
campo                         camp
camponesas                    campones
camponeses                    campones
campos                        camp
campus                        campus
campuzana                     campuzan
camuflada                     camufl
camuflado                     camufl
camuflar                      camufl
camurc,as                     camurc
cana                          can
canada'                       canad
canadair                      canada
canadense                     canadens
canadenses                    canadens
canais                        can
canal                         canal
canale                        canal
canalha                       canalh
canalizado                    canaliz
canaqua                       canaqu
cana'rio                      cana'ri
canastro~es                   canastro~
canavieira                    canavieir
canc,a~o                      canc,a~
cancelado                     cancel
cancelados                    cancel
cancelam                      cancel
cancelar                      cancel
cancelou                      cancel
cancer                        canc
ca^ncer                       ca^nc
canceri'gena                  canceri'gen
canceri'genas                 canceri'gen
canceri'geno                  canceri'gen
cancernet                     cancernet
cancerosas                    cancer
cancioneiro                   cancioneir
canc,o~es                     canc,o~
cancu'n                       cancu'n
candeeira                     candeeir
candelabros                   candelabr
candela'ria                   candela'r
candice                       candic
candidata                     candidat
candidatar                    candidat
candidataram                  candidat
candidatas                    candidat
candidatasse                  candidat
candidatei                    candidat
candidato                     candidat
candidatos                    candidat
candidatura                   candidatur
candido                       cand
ca^ndido                      ca^nd
candomble'                    candombl
candomble's                   candomble's
canela                        canel
canelada                      canel
caneta                        canet
canetas                       canet
canetinhas                    canetinh
cangaceiro                    cangaceir
cangac,o                      cangac
cangalo                       cangal
cangurus                      cangurus
canha~o                       canha~
canhestra                     canhestr
canho~es                      canho~
canhonear                     canhon
canibalizac,a~o               canibaliz
caninde'                      canind
ca^nion                       ca^nion
ca^nions                      ca^nions
cannes                        cann
cano^nica                     cano^n
cano^nicas                    cano^n
cano^nico                     cano^n
canonizac,a~o                 canoniz
canova                        canov
cansa                         cans
cansac,o                      cansac
cansada                       cans
cansado                       cans
cansar                        cans
cansaram                      cans
cansativo                     cansat
canseira                      canseir
cansou                        cans
canta                         cant
cantada                       cant
cantadas                      cant
cantado                       cant
cantalice                     cantalic
cantaloup                     cantaloup
cantando                      cant
cantante                      cantant
cantar                        cant
cantaram                      cant
cantarolando                  cantarol
cantarolar                    cantarol
cantei                        cant
canteiros                     canteir
ca^nticos                     ca^ntic
cantinho                      cantinh
canto                         cant
cantona                       canton
cantone^s                     cantone^s
cantor                        cantor
cantora                       cantor
cantoras                      cantor
cantores                      cantor
cantoria                      cantor
cantos                        cant
cantou                        cant
canudo                        canud
canudos                       canud
cao                           cao
ca~o                          ca~
caos                          caos
cao'tica                      cao'tic
cao'tico                      cao'tic
capa                          cap
capacetes                     capacet
capacidade                    capac
capacitac,a~o                 capacit
capado'cia                    capado'c
capa~o                        capa~
capas                         cap
capaz                         capaz
capazes                       capaz
capcure                       capcur
capela                        capel
capela~o                      capela~
capenga                       capeng
capes                         cap
capi                          cap
capilar                       capil
capim                         capim
capita                        capit
capita~                       capita~
capitais                      capit
capital                       capital
capitalismo                   capital
capitalista                   capital
capitalizada                  capitaliz
capita^nia                    capita^n
capitanias                    capitan
capita~o                      capita~
capito'lio                    capito'li
capi'tulo                     capi'tul
capi'tulos                    capi'tul
capitulou                     capitul
capo                          cap
capoeira                      capoeir
capoeirista                   capoeir
capone                        capon
caporegime                    caporegim
capos                         cap
capoten                       capoten
caprera                       capr
caprichada                    caprich
caprichado                    caprich
capricham                     caprich
caprichando                   caprich
capricho                      caprich
caprichosos                   caprich
caprichou                     caprich
capriglione                   capriglion
ca'psulas                     ca'psul
capta                         capt
captac,a~o                    captac,a~
captac,o~es                   captac,o~
captada                       capt
captadores                    captador
captados                      capt
captam                        capt
captando                      capt
captar                        capt
captariam                     capt
captopril                     captopril
captores                      captor
captou                        capt
captura                       captur
capturado                     captur
capturar                      captur
capuano                       capuan
capuchinho                    capuchinh
capuchinhos                   capuchinh
capuz                         capuz
caquinhos                     caquinh
cara                          car
cara'                         car
caracas                       carac
caracteres                    caract
caracteri'stica               caracteri'st
caracteri'sticas              caracteri'st
caracteri'stico               caracteri'st
caracteriza                   caracteriz
caracterizac,a~o              caracteriz
caracterizou                  caracteriz
caraguata                     caraguat
caraja's                      caraja's
caramba                       caramb
caramujo                      caramuj
caramujos                     caramuj
cara~o                        cara~
carapuc,a                     carapuc
caras                         car
carate^                       carat
cara'ter                      cara't
caravalle                     caravall
caravana                      caravan
caravanas                     caravan
caravela                      caravel
caravelas                     caravel
caravelle                     caravell
carbide                       carbid
carboidrato                   carboidrat
carboidratos                  carboidrat
carbonato                     carbonat
carbone                       carbon
carbonizados                  carboniz
carcac,as                     carcac
carcara'                      carc
carcera'ria                   carcera'r
carcera'rio                   carcera'ri
carcereiras                   carcereir
carcereiros                   carcereir
card                          card
carda'pio                     carda'pi
cardeais                      card
cardeal                       cardeal
cardi'aca                     cardi'ac
cardi'acas                    cardi'ac
cardi'aco                     cardi'ac
cardi'acos                    cardi'ac
cardiologia                   cardiolog
cardiologista                 cardiolog
cardiorrespirato'ria          cardiorrespirato'r
cardiovascular                cardiovascul
cardiovasculares              cardiovascul
cardoso                       cardos
carducci                      carducc
cardume                       cardum
cardumes                      cardum
careca                        carec
carecas                       carec
carece                        carec
care^ncia                     care^nc
care^ncias                    care^nc
carente                       carent
carentes                      carent
careta                        caret
caretas                       caret
caretice                      caretic
caretta                       carett
carga                         carg
cargas                        carg
cargo                         carg
cargos                        carg
cargueiro                     cargueir
caribe                        carib
caribenhos                    caribenh
caricatura                    caricatur
caricatural                   caricatural
caricaturas                   caricatur
cari'cias                     cari'c
caridade                      caridad
caridosa                      carid
carimbada                     carimb
carimbado                     carimb
carimbavam                    carimb
carimbo                       carimb
carimbo'                      carimb
carina                        carin
carinho                       carinh
carinhosa                     carinh
carinhosamente                carinh
carinhosas                    carinh
carinhoso                     carinh
carioca                       carioc
cariocas                      carioc
carisma                       carism
carisma'tica                  carisma't
carisma'ticos                 carisma't
cari'ssimas                   cari'ssim
cari'ssimo                    cari'ssim
cari'ssimos                   cari'ss
carl                          carl
carla                         carl
carli                         carl
carlinhos                     carlinh
carlini                       carlin
carlos                        carl
carlota                       carlot
carmem                        carm
carmen                        carmen
carmo                         carm
carnal                        carnal
carnavais                     carnav
carnaval                      carnaval
carne                         carn
carnegie                      carnegi
carneiro                      carneir
carnejo                       carnej
carnes                        carn
carniceiro                    carniceir
carnificina                   carnificin
caro                          car
carol                         carol
carola                        carol
carolina                      carolin
caroline                      carolin
caroli'ssimo                  caroli'ssim
carolyn                       carolyn
carona                        caron
caros                         car
carpaccio                     carpacci
carpetes                      carpet
carpintaria                   carpint
carpinteiro                   carpinteir
carpir                        carp
carra~o                       carra~
carrasco                      carrasc
carre'                        carr
carrefour                     carrefour
carrega                       carreg
carrega'                      carreg
carregada                     carreg
carregadas                    carreg
carregado                     carreg
carregados                    carreg
carregam                      carreg
carregamentos                 carreg
carregando                    carreg
carregar                      carreg
carregaram                    carreg
carregassem                   carreg
carregava                     carreg
carrego                       carreg
carregou                      carreg
carregue                      carreg
carreira                      carreir
carreiras                     carreir
carrero                       carrer
carreteiro                    carreteir
carrinheiro                   carrinheir
carrinheiros                  carrinheir
carrinho                      carrinh
carrinhos                     carrinh
carro                         carr
carroceria                    carroc
carrocinha                    carrocinh
carrocinhas                   carrocinh
carro~es                      carro~
carros                        carr
carrossel                     carrossel
carruagem                     carruag
carstensz                     carstensz
carta                         cart
carta~o                       carta~
cartas                        cart
cartaz                        cartaz
cartazes                      cartaz
carteira                      carteir
carteiras                     carteir
carteirinha                   carteirinh
carte'is                      cart
cartel                        cartel
cartela                       cartel
carter                        cart
cartilha                      cartilh
cartilhas                     cartilh
carto~es                      carto~
cartografia                   cartograf
cartogra'ficas                cartogra'f
cartola                       cartol
cartora'rios                  cartora'ri
carto'rio                     carto'ri
carto'rios                    carto'ri
cartum                        cartum
cartunista                    cartun
cartunistas                   cartun
cartuns                       cartuns
caruso                        carus
carvalho                      carvalh
carvalhos                     carvalh
carvana                       carvan
carva~o                       carva~
carvoaria                     carvo
carvoeiros                    carvoeir
casa                          cas
casablancas                   casablanc
casaca                        casac
casaco                        casac
casacos                       casac
casada                        cas
casadas                       cas
casado                        cas
casados                       cas
casagrande                    casagrand
casais                        cas
casal                         casal
casam                         cas
casamento                     casament
casamentos                    casament
casando                       cas
casaquista~o                  casaquista~
casar                         cas
casara                        cas
casaram                       cas
casara~o                      cas
casaro~es                     casaro~
casas                         cas
casasse                       cas
casca                         casc
cascata                       cascat
cascatas                      cascat
cascateiro                    cascateir
cascavel                      cascavel
casco                         casc
case'                         cas
casebre                       casebr
casebres                      casebr
casei                         cas
caseira                       caseir
caseiro                       caseir
caseiros                      caseir
casernas                      casern
casildo                       casild
casinha                       casinh
casinhas                      casinh
casinhola                     casinhol
casini                        casin
casmurro                      casmurr
caso                          cas
casos                         cas
casou                         cas
casoy                         casoy
cassac,a~o                    cassac,a~
casseb                        casseb
casseta                       casset
cassetas                      casset
cassetosos                    casset
ca'ssia                       ca'ss
cassiano                      cassian
cassino                       cassin
cassinos                      cassin
cassio                        cassi
ca'ssio                       ca'ssi
cassou                        cass
casta                         cast
castanho                      castanh
castanhos                     castanh
castan~o                      castan~
castelano                     castelan
castelhano                    castelhan
casteli                       castel
castelli                      castell
castelo                       castel
castelos                      castel
castiga                       castig
castigado                     castig
castigados                    castig
castigar                      castig
castigo                       castig
castilho                      castilh
casting                       casting
casto                         cast
castor                        castor
castratti                     castratt
castro                        castr
casualidades                  casual
casulo                        casul
cata                          cat
catador                       catador
cataflan                      cataflan
catalogadas                   catalog
cata'logo                     cata'log
cata'logos                    cata'log
catalogou                     catalog
catanduva                     catanduv
cata~o                        cata~
catapulta                     catapult
catarata                      catarat
catarina                      catarin
catarinense                   catarinens
catarinenses                  catarinens
catarino                      catarin
catarse                       catars
cata'strofe                   cata'strof
cata'strofes                  cata'strof
catastro'ficas                catastro'f
catastro'fico                 catastro'f
catedral                      catedral
categoria                     categor
categorias                    categor
catego'rica                   catego'r
catego'ricos                  catego'r
catei                         cat
catequese                     cateques
cateter                       catet
cateterismo                   cateter
catherine                     catherin
catho                         cath
catholique                    catholiqu
cativa                        cativ
cativantes                    cativant
cativas                       cativ
cativeiro                     cativeir
cato'lica                     cato'l
catolicismo                   catolic
cato'lico                     cato'l
cato'licos                    cato'l
catorze                       catorz
catraca                       catrac
cauc,a~o                      cauc,a~
cauda                         caud
caudalosas                    caudal
caudalosos                    caudal
causa                         caus
causada                       caus
causadas                      caus
causado                       caus
causador                      causador
causados                      caus
causam                        caus
causando                      caus
causar                        caus
causara'                      caus
causaram                      caus
causas                        caus
causava                       caus
causou                        caus
cautela                       cautel
cautelas                      cautel
cauteloso                     cautel
cavada                        cav
cavado                        cav
cavalar                       caval
cavalares                     caval
cavalaria                     caval
cavalcante                    cavalcant
cavalcanti                    cavalcant
cavaleiro                     cavaleir
cavaleiros                    cavaleir
cavalgadas                    cavalg
cavalheiro                    cavalheir
cavalheiros                   cavalheir
cavalinho                     cavalinh
cavalo                        caval
cavalos                       caval
cavanhaque                    cavanhaqu
cavar                         cav
cavava                        cav
caveira                       caveir
caveiras                      caveir
caverna                       cavern
cavernas                      cavern
caviar                        cavi
cavidade                      cavidad
cavidades                     cavidad
caxias                        cax
caymmi                        caymm
cazuza                        cazuz
cbf                           cbf
cbmm                          cbmm
cbs                           cbs
ccedil                        ccedil
ccf                           ccf
cd                            cd
cda                           cda
cdb                           cdb
cds                           cds
ce                            ce
ce^                           ce^
ceagesp                       ceagesp
ceara'                        cear
cearense                      cearens
cebola                        cebol
cebolas                       cebol
cecilia                       cecil
ceci'lia                      ceci'l
cede                          ced
cedendo                       ced
ceder                         ced
cedeu                         ced
cedido                        ced
cedo                          ced
cedric                        cedric
ce'dula                       ce'dul
ce'dulas                      ce'dul
cef                           cef
cefale'ia                     cefal
cega                          ceg
cegamente                     ceg
cego                          ceg
cegos                         ceg
cegueira                      cegueir
ceia                          cei
ceias                         cei
cela                          cel
celas                         cel
celebrac,a~o                  celebr
celebrac,o~es                 celebr
celebrada                     celebr
celebradas                    celebr
celebram                      celebr
celebrar                      celebr
celebraram                    celebr
celebration                   celebration
ce'lebre                      ce'lebr
ce'lebres                     ce'lebr
celebridades                  celebr
celebrizaram                  celebriz
celebrizou                    celebriz
celeiro                       celeir
celesc                        celesc
celeste                       cel
celestial                     celestial
ce'lia                        ce'l
celina                        celin
celsius                       celsius
celso                         cels
celson                        celson
ce'lula                       ce'lul
celular                       celul
celulares                     celul
celulari                      celular
ce'lulas                      ce'lul
celulite                      celulit
celulites                     celulit
celulose                      celulos
cem                           cem
cemig                         cemig
cemite'rio                    cemite'ri
cemite'rios                   cemite'ri
cena                          cen
cena'culo                     cena'cul
cena'rio                      cena'ri
cena'rios                     cena'ri
cenas                         cen
ce^nica                       ce^nic
cenimar                       cenim
cenipa                        cenip
ceno'grafa                    ceno'graf
cenoura                       cenour
cens                          cens
censo                         cens
censorship                    censorship
censura                       censur
censura'                      censur
centavo                       centav
centavos                      centav
centelha                      centelh
centena                       centen
centena'ria                   centena'r
centena'rio                   centena'ri
centena'rios                  centena'ri
centenas                      centen
center                        cent
centers                       centers
centi'grados                  centi'gr
centi'metro                   centi'metr
centi'metros                  centi'metr
cento                         cent
centra                        centr
centrada                      centr
centrais                      centr
central                       central
centraliza                    centraliz
centralizac,a~o               centraliz
centralizada                  centraliz
centre                        centr
centro                        centr
centroavante                  centroavant
centros                       centr
centrus                       centrus
centurion                     centurion
cera                          cer
cera^mica                     cera^m
cerca                         cerc
cercada                       cerc
cercadas                      cerc
cercado                       cerc
cercados                      cerc
cercam                        cerc
cercando                      cerc
cercanias                     cercan
cercaram                      cerc
cerco                         cerc
cercou                        cerc
cereais                       cer
cerebrais                     cerebr
cerebral                      cerebral
ce'rebro                      ce'rebr
ce'rebros                     ce'rebr
cerefolho                     cerefolh
ceregatti                     ceregatt
cerimo^nia                    cerimo^n
cerimonial                    cerimonial
cerimo^nias                   cerimo^n
cerqueira                     cerqueir
cerrada                       cerr
cerradas                      cerr
cerrado                       cerr
cerro                         cerr
certa                         cert
certamente                    cert
certas                        cert
certeira                      certeir
certeiramente                 certeir
certeiro                      certeir
certeza                       certez
certezas                      certez
certida~o                     certida~
certifica                     certif
certificac,a~o                certific
certificadas                  certific
certificado                   certific
certinhas                     certinh
certinho                      certinh
certo                         cert
certos                        cert
cervantes                     cervant
cerveja                       cervej
cervejaria                    cervej
cervejarias                   cervej
cervejas                      cervej
cervejinha                    cervejinh
cesar                         ces
ce'sar                        ce's
cesa'reas                     cesa'r
cesarianas                    cesarian
cesa'rio                      cesa'ri
cesarismo                     cesar
ce'sio                        ce'si
cesp                          cesp
cessa~o                       cessa~
cessar                        cess
cessna                        cessn
cesta                         cest
cestafe                       cestaf
cestas                        cest
cesto                         cest
cestos                        cest
cet                           cet
cetesb                        cetesb
ceticismo                     cetic
ce'tico                       ce'tic
ce'ticos                      ce'tic
cetim                         cetim
cetro                         cetr
ce'u                          ce'u
ce'us                         ce'us
cevada                        cev
cevap                         cevap
cevar                         cev
cezar                         cez
ce'zar                        ce'z
cgc                           cgc
cha'                          cha'
cha'cara                      cha'c
cha'caras                     cha'c
chacina                       chacin
chacinas                      chacin
chaco                         chac
chacoalhar                    chacoalh
chacrete                      chacret
chagas                        chag
chairman                      chairman
chale's                       chale's
challenger                    challeng
chama                         cham
chama'                        cham
chamada                       cham
chamadas                      cham
chamado                       cham
chamados                      cham
chamam                        cham
chamamos                      cham
chamando                      cham
chamar                        cham
chamara'                      cham
chamaram                      cham
chamarizes                    chamariz
chamas                        cham
chamativas                    chamat
chamativo                     chamat
chamava                       cham
chamavam                      cham
chambord                      chambord
chame                         cham
chamegos                      chameg
chamei                        cham
chamo                         cham
chamou                        cham
champanha                     champanh
champanhe                     champanh
champanhes                    champanh
chamuscada                    chamusc
chance                        chanc
chancela                      chancel
chanceler                     chancel
chances                       chanc
chanchada                     chanch
chandon                       chandon
chanel                        chanel
chang                         chang
channel                       channel
chantageavam                  chantag
chantagem                     chantag
chantagista                   chantag
chantal                       chantal
cha~o                         cha~
chapa                         chap
chapada                       chap
chapadeiro                    chapadeir
chape'u                       chape'u
chape'us                      chape'us
chapeuzinho                   chapeuzinh
chaplin                       chaplin
chardonnay                    chardonnay
charges                       charg
charlab                       charlab
charlata~es                   charlata~
charlatanismo                 charlatan
charlata~o                    charlata~
charles                       charl
charlton                      charlton
charme                        charm
charmes                       charm
charmoso                      charmos
charretes                     charret
charutaria                    charut
charuteiros                   charuteir
charuto                       charut
charutos                      charut
cha's                         cha's
chase                         chas
chassi                        chass
chat                          chat
chateado                      chat
chati'ssimas                  chati'ssim
chato                         chat
chatos                        chat
chavall                       chavall
chave                         chav
chaveco                       chavec
chaveiro                      chaveir
chaveiros                     chaveir
chaves                        chav
che                           che
checados                      chec
checagem                      checag
checamos                      chec
checar                        chec
check                         check
checo                         chec
checou                        chec
chee                          che
cheesecake                    cheesecak
chef                          chef
chefa~o                       chefa~
chefe                         chef
chefes                        chef
chefia                        chef
chefiada                      chefi
chefiado                      chefi
chefiados                     chefi
chefiar                       chefi
chefiava                      chefi
chefiei                       chefi
chefo~es                      chefo~
chega                         cheg
chegada                       cheg
chegado                       cheg
chegados                      cheg
chegam                        cheg
chegamos                      cheg
chegando                      cheg
chegar                        cheg
chegara                       cheg
chegara'                      cheg
chegaram                      cheg
chegara~o                     cheg
chegarem                      cheg
chegaremos                    cheg
chegaria                      cheg
chegasse                      cheg
chegava                       cheg
chegavam                      cheg
chega'vamos                   cheg
chego                         cheg
chegou                        cheg
chegue                        cheg
cheguei                       chegu
cheguem                       chegu
cheia                         che
cheias                        che
cheinhos                      cheinh
cheio                         chei
cheios                        chei
cheira                        cheir
cheirando                     cheir
cheirar                       cheir
cheirava                      cheir
cheiro                        cheir
cheirosinho                   cheirosinh
cheirou                       cheir
chek                          chek
chelotti                      chelott
cheque                        chequ
cheques                       chequ
cher                          cher
chereze                       cherez
chermont                      chermont
cherokee                      cheroke
chester                       chest
chia                          chi
chiang                        chiang
chianti                       chiant
chiapas                       chiap
chiaram                       chi
chiarina                      chiarin
chiarini                      chiarin
chiaro                        chiar
chicago                       chicag
chica~o                       chica~
chicletes                     chiclet
chico                         chic
chicotadas                    chicot
chicotea'                     chicot
chief                         chief
chien                         chien
chiga                         chig
children                      children
chile                         chil
chilena                       chilen
chileno                       chilen
chimanovitch                  chimanovitch
china                         chin
chinelo                       chinel
chinelo~es                    chinelo~
chinelos                      chinel
chine^s                       chine^s
chinesa                       chines
chinesas                      chines
chineses                      chines
chip                          chip
chips                         chips
chiquamanga                   chiquamang
chique                        chiqu
chique'rrima                  chique'rrim
chique'rrimo                  chique'rrim
chiques                       chiqu
chiquinho                     chiquinh
chirac                        chirac
chispasse                     chisp
chiyoda                       chiyod
chnaiderman                   chnaiderman
choca                         choc
chocada                       choc
chocado                       choc
chocam                        choc
chocando                      choc
chocante                      chocant
chocar                        choc
chocava                       choc
choco                         choc
chocolate                     chocolat
chocolates                    chocolat
chocou                        choc
chofer                        chof
chope                         chop
chopes                        chop
chopinot                      chopinot
chopnics                      chopnics
choque                        choqu
choques                       choqu
chora                         chor
chorando                      chor
chorar                        chor
choraram                      chor
chorava                       chor
chorei                        chor
chorizo                       choriz
choro                         chor
choros                        chor
chorou                        chor
chove                         chov
chovendo                      chov
chover                        chov
choveram                      chov
choveu                        chov
chovia                        chov
chovido                       chov
chris                         chris
christ                        christ
christian                     christian
christianity                  christianity
christina                     christin
christopher                   christoph
chronos                       chron
chrysler                      chrysler
chrystian                     chrystian
chuchu                        chuchu
chui'                         chu
chulas                        chul
chumbo                        chumb
chupar                        chup
chupei                        chup
chuquisaca                    chuquisac
church                        church
churchill                     churchill
churo                         chur
churrascaria                  churrasc
churrascarias                 churrasc
churrasco                     churrasc
churrascos                    churrasc
churrasqueiras                churrasqueir
chuta                         chut
chutar                        chut
chute                         chut
chutei                        chut
chuteira                      chuteir
chuteiras                     chuteir
chutes                        chut
chutou                        chut
chuva                         chuv
chuvas                        chuv
chuveiro                      chuveir
chuvoso                       chuvos
cia                           cia
ciac                          ciac
ciane^                        cian
cianoge^nio                   cianoge^ni
ciao                          cia
ciberbar                      ciberb
ciberespac,o                  ciberespac
ciberne'tica                  ciberne't
ciberne'tico                  ciberne't
cic                           cic
cicatriz                      cicatriz
cicatrizac,a~o                cicatriz
cicatrizar                    cicatriz
cicatrizei                    cicatriz
cicatrizes                    cicatriz
ci'cero                       ci'cer
ci'clico                      ci'clic
ciclismo                      ciclism
ciclista                      ciclist
ciclo                         cicl
cics                          cics
cid                           cid
cidadania                     cidadan
cidada~o                      cidada~
cidada~os                     cidada~
cidade                        cidad
cidades                       cidad
cidadezinha                   cidadezinh
cidadezinhas                  cidadezinh
cidinha                       cidinh
cie                           cie
cie^ncia                      cie^nc
cie^ncias                     cie^nc
cienti'fica                   cienti'f
cientificamente               cientif
cienti'ficas                  cienti'f
cienti'fico                   cienti'f
cienti'ficos                  cienti'f
cientista                     cientist
cientistas                    cientist
cieps                         cieps
cifali                        cifal
cifra                         cifr
cifras                        cifr
cifro~es                      cifro~
cigana                        cigan
ciganas                       cigan
cigar                         cig
cigarro                       cigarr
cigarros                      cigarr
ciladas                       cil
cilene                        cilen
cili'ndrica                   cili'ndr
cilindro                      cilindr
cilindros                     cilindr
cima                          cim
cimento                       ciment
cimentos                      ciment
cincinnati                    cincinnat
cinco                         cinc
cinderela                     cinderel
cindy                         cindy
cine                          cin
cinearte                      cineart
cineasta                      cineast
cineastas                     cineast
cinecitta`                    cinecitta`
cineclube                     cineclub
cine'filo                     cine'fil
cinema                        cinem
cinemas                       cinem
cinematogra'fica              cinematogra'f
cineminha                     cineminh
cinep                         cinep
cingapura                     cingapur
cinismo                       cinism
cinquenta                     cinquent
cinqu"enta                    cinqu"ent
cinquenta~o                   cinquenta~
cinquentena'rio               cinquentena'ri
cinqu"entena'rio              cinqu"entena'ri
cinqu"ento~es                 cinqu"ento~
cinta                         cint
cinthya                       cinthy
cintilante                    cintilant
cintilografia                 cintilograf
cinto                         cint
cintos                        cint
cintra                        cintr
cintura                       cintur
cinturinha                    cinturinh
cinza                         cinz
cinzas                        cinz
cinzeiro                      cinzeir
cinzeiros                     cinzeir
cinzenta                      cinzent
cinzento                      cinzent
cinzentos                     cinzent
cio                           cio
cios                          cios
cip                           cip
cipo'                         cip
cipriano                      ciprian
ciranda                       cirand
circo                         circ
circuito                      circuit
circuitos                     circuit
circula                       circul
circulac,a~o                  circul
circulam                      circul
circulando                    circul
circular                      circul
circularem                    circul
circulato'ria                 circulato'r
circulato'rio                 circulato'ri
circulava                     circul
circulem                      circul
ci'rculo                      ci'rcul
ci'rculos                     ci'rcul
circulou                      circul
circundante                   circundant
circundavam                   circund
circunsta^ncia                circunsta^nc
circunstancial                circunstancial
circunsta^ncias               circunsta^nc
cirillo                       cirill
ciro                          cir
cirrose                       cirros
cirugia                       cirug
cirugia~o                     cirugia~
cirurgia                      cirurg
cirurgia~                     cirurgia~
cirurgia~o                    cirurgia~
cirurgias                     cirurg
ciru'rgica                    ciru'rg
ciru'rgicas                   ciru'rg
ciru'rgico                    ciru'rg
ciru'rgicos                   ciru'rg
cis                           cis
cisjorda^nia                  cisjorda^n
cisma                         cism
cismaram                      cism
cisne                         cisn
ciso~es                       ciso~
ci'stica                      ci'stic
cisto                         cist
cistos                        cist
cita                          cit
citac,a~o                     citac,a~
citadas                       cit
citado                        cit
citados                       cit
citando                       cit
citar                         cit
citation                      citation
cites                         cit
citiac,o~es                   citiac,o~
citibank                      citibank
citou                         cit
ci'trico                      ci'tric
ci'tricos                     ci'tric
citrocar                      citroc
city                          city
ciu'me                        ciu'm
ciumento                      ciument
ciu'mes                       ciu'm
ci'vel                        ci'vel
civic                         civic
ci'vicas                      ci'vic
ci'vico                       ci'vic
civil                         civil
civilizac,a~o                 civiliz
civilizac,o~es                civiliz
civilizadas                   civiliz
civis                         civ
cl                            cl
cla~                          cla~
clamor                        clamor
clamorosos                    clamor
clandestina                   clandestin
clandestinamente              clandestin
clandestinas                  clandestin
clandestinidade               clandestin
clandestino                   clandestin
clandestinos                  clandestin
clapton                       clapton
clara                         clar
claramente                    clar
claras                        clar
clareada                      clar
clareando                     clar
clarear                       clar
clareiam                      clar
clareira                      clareir
clareza                       clarez
clarice                       claric
claridade                     claridad
claridge                      claridg
clari'ssimo                   clari'ssim
clark                         clark
clarke                        clark
claro                         clar
claros                        clar
classe                        class
classes                       class
cla'ssica                     cla'ssic
cla'ssicas                    cla'ssic
cla'ssico                     cla'ssic
cla'ssicos                    cla'ssic
classics                      classics
classifica                    classif
classificac,a~o               classific
classificada                  classific
classificadas                 classific
classificado                  classific
classificador                 classific
classificados                 classific
classificam                   classific
classificando                 classific
classificar                   classific
classificaria                 classific
classiline                    classilin
claucerlei                    claucerl
claudeir                      claud
claudete                      claudet
claudia                       claud
cla'udia                      cla'ud
claudinho                     claudinh
claudino                      claudin
claudio                       claudi
cla'udio                      cla'udi
clau'dio                      clau'di
claudius                      claudius
cla'usula                     cla'usul
clayton                       clayton
clean                         clean
cleber                        cleb
cledson                       cledson
cle'o                         cle'
cle'rigo                      cle'rig
cle'rigos                     cle'rig
clero                         cler
cleto                         clet
cleusa                        cleus
cleveland                     cleveland
cleverson                     cleverson
cliente                       client
clientela                     clientel
clientelismo                  clientel
clientes                      client
clima                         clim
climas                        clim
climate'rio                   climate'ri
climatizada                   climatiz
climatizadas                  climatiz
climatizado                   climatiz
cli'max                       cli'max
cli'nica                      cli'nic
clinicamente                  clinic
cli'nicas                     cli'nic
cli'nico                      cli'nic
cli'nicos                     cli'nic
clinics                       clinics
clinton                       clinton
clio                          cli
clip                          clip
clipe                         clip
clipes                        clip
clique                        cliqu
cliques                       cliqu
clito'ris                     clito'r
clitoromegalia                clitoromegal
clo^                          clo^
clock                         clock
cloe'                         clo
clonada                       clon
clonagem                      clonag
clone                         clon
clorofo'rmio                  clorofo'rmi
clos                          clos
close                         clos
closes                        clos
closet                        closet
clouseau                      clouseau
clovis                        clov
clo'vis                       clo'v
club                          club
clubber                       clubb
clubbers                      clubbers
clube                         club
clubes                        club
clylton                       clylton
cm                            cm
cnbb                          cnbb
cnn                           cnn
cnpq                          cnpq
cnt                           cnt
co                            co
coabitac,a~o                  coabit
coadjuvante                   coadjuvant
coagida                       coag
coagulac,a~o                  coagul
coa'gulos                     coa'gul
coalhado                      coalh
coalho                        coalh
coalition                     coalition
coaliza~o                     coaliza~
cobaia                        coba
cobaias                       coba
cobain                        cobain
coberta                       cobert
cobertas                      cobert
coberto                       cobert
cobertor                      cobertor
cobertos                      cobert
cobertura                     cobertur
coberturas                    cobertur
cobic,a                       cobic
cobic,adas                    cobic
cobic,ados                    cobic
cobic,aram                    cobic
cobra                         cobr
cobradas                      cobr
cobrado                       cobr
cobrados                      cobr
cobram                        cobr
cobranc,a                     cobranc
cobranc,as                    cobranc
cobrando                      cobr
cobrar                        cobr
cobras                        cobr
cobrava                       cobr
cobravam                      cobr
cobravem                      cobrav
cobre                         cobr
cobrem                        cobr
cobria                        cobr
cobrir                        cobr
cobriu                        cobr
cobro                         cobr
cobrou                        cobr
coca                          coc
cocai'na                      cocai'n
cochabamba                    cochabamb
cochichou                     cochich
cochilam                      cochil
cochilo                       cochil
cochin                        cochin
coco                          coc
coco^                         coco^
cocoa                         coco
cocorico'                     cocoric
cocos                         coc
code                          cod
codec                         codec
codi                          cod
codificadora                  codific
co'digo                       co'dig
co'digos                      co'dig
codinome                      codinom
codinomes                     codinom
codis                         cod
coelho                        coelh
coelhos                       coelh
coentro                       coentr
coerc,a~o                     coerc,a~
coerente                      coerent
coeso                         coes
coffee                        coffe
cofre                         cofr
cofres                        cofr
cogitado                      cogit
cogitar                       cogit
cogitou                       cogit
cohabs                        cohabs
cohen                         cohen
coi                           coi
coibir                        coib
coimbra                       coimbr
coincidam                     coincid
coincide^ncia                 coincident
coincide^ncias                coincident
coincidentemente              coincident
coincidia                     coincid
coincidiu                     coincid
coisa                         cois
coisas                        cois
coita                         coit
cola                          col
colabora                      colabor
colaborac,a~o                 colabor
colaborac,o~es                colabor
colaborador                   colabor
colaboradores                 colabor
colaboram                     colabor
colaborando                   colabor
colaborar                     colabor
colaboraram                   colabor
colaboravam                   colabor
colaborou                     colabor
colada                        col
colado                        col
colagem                       colag
cola'geno                     cola'gen
colando                       col
colantes                      colant
colapso                       colaps
colar                         col
colares                       col
colarinho                     colarinh
colarinhos                    colarinh
colas                         col
colaterais                    colater
colateral                     colateral
colava                        col
colcha~o                      colcha~
colcho~es                     colcho~
cole                          col
colec,a~o                     colec,a~
coleciona                     colecion
colecionando                  colecion
colecionava                   colecion
colec,o~es                    colec,o~
colega                        coleg
colegas                       coleg
colegiado                     colegi
colegial                      colegial
cole'gio                      cole'gi
cole'gios                     cole'gi
coleguinha                    coleguinh
coleguinhas                   coleguinh
co'lera                       co'l
cole'ricas                    cole'r
coles                         col
colesterol                    colesterol
coleta                        colet
coletado                      colet
coletados                     colet
coletando                     colet
coleta^neas                   coleta^n
colete                        colet
coletes                       colet
coletiva                      colet
coletivas                     colet
coletivo                      colet
coletivos                     colet
colhe                         colh
colhedeira                    colhedeir
colhedeiras                   colhedeir
colheita                      colheit
colheitas                     colheit
colhem                        colh
colhendo                      colh
colher                        colh
colhera'                      colh
colheu                        colh
colhidas                      colh
colhido                       colh
colhidos                      colh
colho                         colh
co'licas                      co'lic
colidem                       colid
colidindo                     colid
colidiu                       colid
coligac,o~es                  colig
coligadas                     colig
coligara'                     colig
colin                         colin
colina                        colin
coli'rio                      coli'ri
colisa~o                      colisa~
collaborative                 collaborativ
collares                      coll
colli                         coll
collin                        collin
collor                        collor
colo                          col
coloboravam                   colobor
coloca                        coloc
coloca'                       coloc
colocac,a~o                   coloc
colocada                      coloc
colocadas                     coloc
colocado                      coloc
colocados                     coloc
colocam                       coloc
colocamos                     coloc
colocando                     coloc
colocar                       coloc
colocaram                     coloc
colocara~o                    coloc
colocaria                     coloc
colocariam                    coloc
colocarmos                    coloc
colocasse                     coloc
colocava                      coloc
coloco                        coloc
colocou                       coloc
colo^mbia                     colo^mb
colombiana                    colombian
colombianas                   colombian
colombiano                    colombian
colombianos                   colombian
colombo                       colomb
co'lon                        co'lon
colo^nia                      colo^n
coloniais                     coloni
colonial                      colonial
colonialismo                  colonial
colonizac,a~o                 coloniz
colonizado                    coloniz
colonizadores                 coloniz
colonizar                     coloniz
colono                        colon
colonos                       colon
coloque                       coloqu
coloquem                      coloqu
colorac,a~o                   color
colorado                      color
coloratura                    coloratur
colorida                      color
coloridas                     color
colorido                      color
coloridos                     color
colors                        colors
colortel                      colortel
colossais                     coloss
colossal                      colossal
columbia                      columb
colu'mbia                     colu'mb
coluna                        colun
colunas                       colun
coluna'veis                   colun
colunista                     colun
com                           com
coma                          com
comam                         com
comanche                      comanch
comanda                       comand
comandada                     comand
comandadas                    comand
comandado                     comand
comandados                    comand
comandam                      comand
comandande                    comandand
comandante                    comandant
comandantes                   comandant
comandar                      comand
comandara'                    comand
comandarem                    comand
comando                       com
comandos                      comand
comandou                      comand
comarca                       comarc
comarcas                      comarc
combalida                     combal
combalido                     combal
combate                       combat
combate^                      combat
combatem                      combat
combatendo                    combat
combatente                    combatent
combatentes                   combatent
combater                      combat
combateram                    combat
combates                      combat
combateu                      combat
combatiam                     combat
combatida                     combat
combatido                     combat
combativa                     combat
combativo                     combat
combativos                    combat
combina                       combin
combina'                      combin
combinac,a~o                  combin
combinac,o~es                 combin
combinada                     combin
combinadas                    combin
combinado                     combin
combinador                    combin
combinam                      combin
combinamos                    combin
combinando                    combin
combinar                      combin
combinaram                    combin
combinem                      combin
combinou                      combin
comboio                       comboi
comboios                      comboi
combusta~o                    combusta~
combusti'vel                  combust
come                          com
come^                         com
comec,a                       comec
comec,a'                      comec
comec,ado                     comec
comec,am                      comec
comec,amos                    comec
comec,ando                    comec
comec,ar                      comec
comec,ara'                    comec
comec,aram                    comec
comec,ara~o                   comec
comec,arem                    comec
comec,aremos                  comec
comec,asse                    comec
comec,ava                     comec
comec,avam                    comec
comece                        comec
comecei                       comec
comecem                       comec
comecemos                     comec
comec,o                       comec
comec,ou                      comec
come'dia                      come'd
comediante                    comediant
comediantes                   comediant
comedido                      comed
comedores                     comedor
comem                         com
comemora                      comemor
comemorac,a~o                 comemor
comemorac,o~es                comemor
comemorada                    comemor
comemorado                    comemor
comemoram                     comemor
comemorando                   comemor
comemorar                     comemor
comemoraram                   comemor
comemorativa                  comemor
comemorava                    comemor
comemoravam                   comemor
comemorou                     comemor
comemos                       com
comendo                       com
comenta                       coment
comentada                     coment
comentam                      coment
comentando                    coment
comentar                      coment
comentaram                    coment
comenta'rio                   comenta'ri
comenta'rios                  comenta'ri
comentarista                  comentar
comentaristas                 comentar
comentou                      coment
comer                         com
comeram                       com
comerciais                    comerc
comercial                     comercial
comercializa                  comercializ
comercializac,a~o             comercializ
comercializadas               comercializ
comercializados               comercializ
comercializam                 comercializ
comercializando               comercializ
comercializar                 comercializ
comercialmente                comercial
comerciante                   comerciant
comerciantes                  comerciant
comerciar                     comerc
come'rcio                     come'rci
comeria                       com
comes                         com
cometa                        comet
cometas                       comet
comete                        comet
cometem                       comet
cometemos                     comet
cometendo                     comet
cometer                       comet
cometeram                     comet
cometerem                     comet
cometeu                       comet
cometi                        comet
cometida                      comet
cometidas                     comet
cometido                      comet
cometidos                     comet
comeu                         com
comi                          com
comia                         com
comiam                        com
comi'amos                     com
co^mica                       co^mic
comicidade                    comic
comi'cio                      comi'ci
co^mico                       co^mic
comida                        com
comidas                       com
comido                        com
comigo                        comig
comissa~o                     comissa~
comissa'ria                   comissa'r
comissa'rias                  comissa'r
comissa'rio                   comissa'ri
comissa'rios                  comissa'ri
comission                     comission
comisso~es                    comisso~
comite^                       comit
comitiva                      comit
comja'r                       comja'r
commander                     command
commercial                    commercial
communicator                  communicator
como                          com
comoc,a~o                     comoc,a~
co^moda                       co^mod
comodidade                    comod
comodidades                   comod
comodismo                     comod
comodo                        comod
co^modo                       co^mod
co^modos                      co^mod
comovem                       comov
comovente                     comovent
comoveu                       comov
compactas                     compact
compactos                     compact
compaixa~o                    compaixa~
compan~ero                    compan~er
companheira                   companheir
companheirada                 companheir
companheiro                   companheir
companheiros                  companheir
companhia                     companh
companhias                    companh
company                       company
compaq                        compaq
compara                       comp
compara'                      comp
comparac,a~o                  compar
comparac,o~es                 compar
comparada                     compar
comparado                     compar
comparados                    compar
comparam                      comp
comparando                    compar
comparar                      compar
comparara'                    compar
compararem                    compar
comparativamente              compar
comparativo                   compar
comparato                     comparat
compara'veis                  compar
compara'vel                   compar
compare                       compar
comparecer                    comparec
compareceram                  comparec
comparecia                    comparec
comparou                      compar
comparsa                      compars
compartilha                   compartilh
compartilhada                 compartilh
compartilhado                 compartilh
compartilhados                compartilh
compartilhamento              compartilh
compartilhar                  compartilh
compartilharam                compartilh
compartilhem                  compartilh
compartimentada               compartiment
compartimentaram              compartiment
compartimento                 compart
compatibilizar                compatibiliz
compenetrado                  compenetr
compensa                      compens
compensa'                     compens
compensac,a~o                 compens
compensac,o~es                compens
compensada                    compens
compensado                    compens
compensados                   compens
compensam                     compens
compensar                     compens
compensasse                   compens
compenso                      compens
compensou                     compens
compete                       compet
compete^ncia                  competent
competente                    competent
competentes                   competent
competia                      compet
competiam                     compet
competic,a~o                  competic,a~
competic,o~es                 competic,o~
competidores                  competidor
competir                      compet
competitiva                   competit
competitivas                  competit
competitividade               competit
competitivo                   competit
competitivos                  competit
compiladas                    compil
compilado                     compil
complace^ncia                 complacent
complementa                   complement
complementac,a~o              complement
complementar                  complement
complementares                complement
complemento                   complement
complementos                  complement
complementou                  complement
completa                      complet
completada                    complet
completado                    complet
completados                   complet
completam                     complet
completamente                 complet
completando                   complet
completar                     complet
completara'                   complet
completas                     complet
completava                    complet
completinho                   completinh
completo                      complet
completos                     complet
completou                     complet
complexa                      complex
complexada                    complex
complexas                     complex
complexidade                  complex
complexidades                 complex
complexo                      complex
complexos                     complex
complica                      complic
complicac,a~o                 complic
complicac,o~es                complic
complicada                    complic
complicadas                   complic
complicadi'ssima              complicadi'ssim
complicado                    complic
complicador                   complic
complicados                   complic
complicando                   complic
complicar                     complic
complicava                    complic
complicou                     complic
complo^                       complo^
compo~e                       compo~
compo~em                      compo~
compondo                      compond
componente                    component
componentes                   component
compor                        compor
comporta                      comport
comportada                    comport
comportadi'ssima              comportadi'ssim
comportado                    comport
comportamental                comportamental
comportamento                 comport
comportamentos                comport
comportar                     comport
comportava                    comport
compo^s                       compo^s
composic,a~o                  composic,a~
composic,o~es                 composic,o~
compositor                    compositor
compositores                  compositor
composta                      compost
compostas                     compost
composto                      compost
compostos                     compost
compra                        compr
compra'                       compr
comprada                      compr
compradas                     compr
comprado                      compr
comprador                     comprador
compradoras                   comprador
compradores                   comprador
comprados                     compr
compram                       compr
compramos                     compr
comprando                     compr
comprar                       compr
compraram                     compr
compraria                     compr
compras                       compr
comprasse                     compr
comprava                      compr
compravam                     compr
compre                        compr
compreende                    compreend
compreendem                   compreend
compreendemos                 compreend
compreender                   compreend
compreenderam                 compreend
compreendidas                 compreend
compreendido                  compreend
compreensa~o                  compreensa~
compreensiva                  compreens
compreensi'vel                compreens
compreensivo                  compreens
comprei                       compr
compresp                      compresp
compressa~o                   compressa~
compressas                    compress
compressor                    compressor
comprida                      compr
comprida~o                    comprida~
compridas                     compr
comprido                      compr
compridos                     compr
comprimento                   compriment
comprimidas                   comprim
comprimido                    comprim
comprimidos                   comprim
compro                        compr
compromete                    compromet
comprometedor                 comprometedor
comprometedoras               comprometedor
comprometedores               comprometedor
comprometem                   compromet
comprometendo                 compromet
comprometer                   compromet
comprometeu                   compromet
comprometiam                  compromet
comprometida                  compromet
comprometido                  compromet
comprometimento               compromet
compromisso                   compromiss
compromissos                  compromiss
comprou                       compr
comprova                      comprov
comprovac,a~o                 comprov
comprovada                    comprov
comprovadamente               comprov
comprovadas                   comprov
comprovado                    comprov
comprovados                   comprov
comprovam                     comprov
comprovar                     comprov
comprovaram                   comprov
comprovaria                   comprov
comprovou                     comprov
compulsa~o                    compulsa~
compulsivamente               compuls
compulsivo                    compuls
compulsivos                   compuls
compulsoriamente              compulsori
compulso'rio                  compulso'ri
compunha                      compunh
computac,a~o                  comput
computador                    comput
computadores                  comput
computadorizada               computadoriz
computadorizado               computadoriz
computando                    comput
computar                      comput
computava                     comput
computa'vel                   comput
computer                      comput
comum                         comum
comungar                      comung
comunha~o                     comunha~
comunica                      comun
comunicac,a~o                 comunic
comunicac,o~es                comunic
comunicada                    comunic
comunicador                   comunic
comunicam                     comunic
comunicar                     comunic
comunicaram                   comunic
comunicou                     comunic
comunidade                    comun
comunidades                   comun
comunismo                     comun
comunista                     comun
comunistas                    comun
comunita'ria                  comunita'r
comunita'rias                 comunita'r
comunita'rio                  comunita'ri
comunita'rios                 comunita'ri
comuns                        comuns
conab                         conab
conaf                         conaf
concebeu                      conceb
concebido                     conceb
concede                       conced
concedei                      conced
concedendo                    conced
conceder                      conced
concedera'                    conced
concedeu                      conced
concedi                       conced
concedida                     conced
concedido                     conced
concedidos                    conced
conceic,a~o                   conceic,a~
conceito                      conceit
conceitos                     conceit
conceituada                   conceitu
conceituado                   conceitu
conceituados                  conceitu
conceitual                    conceitual
concentra                     concentr
concentrac,a~o                concentr
concentrac,o~es               concentr
concentrada                   concentr
concentrado                   concentr
concentrados                  concentr
concentram                    concentr
concentrando                  concentr
concentrar                    concentr
concentravam                  concentr
concentrou                    concentr
concepc,a~o                   concepc,a~
concert                       concert
concertos                     concert
concessa~o                    concessa~
concessiona'ria               concessiona'r
concesso~es                   concesso~
conchas                       conch
conciliar                     concili
conciliou                     concili
conclui                       conclu
conclui'a                     conclui'
conclui'das                   conclui'd
conclui'do                    conclui'd
concluindo                    conclu
concluir                      conclu
conclui'ram                   conclui'r
concluiriam                   conclu
concluiu                      conclu
conclusa~o                    conclusa~
conclusivo                    conclus
conclusivos                   conclus
concluso~es                   concluso~
concone                       concon
concorda                      concord
concordado                    concord
concordam                     concord
concordar                     concord
concordassem                  concord
concordata                    concordat
concordava                    concord
conco'rdia                    conco'rd
concordo                      concord
concordou                     concord
concorre                      concorr
concorrem                     concorr
concorre^ncia                 concorrent
concorrendo                   concorr
concorrente                   concorrent
concorrentes                  concorrent
concorrer                     concorr
concorria                     concorr
concorrida                    concorr
concorrido                    concorr
concreta                      concret
concretamente                 concret
concretas                     concret
concretista                   concret
concretiza'                   concretiz
concretizac,a~o               concretiz
concretizado                  concretiz
concretizando                 concretiz
concretizar                   concretiz
concreto                      concret
concretos                     concret
concurso                      concurs
concursos                     concurs
conda~o                       conda~
conde                         cond
condecorac,a~o                condecor
condena                       conden
condenac,a~o                  conden
condenac,o~es                 conden
condenada                     conden
condenado                     conden
condenados                    conden
condenam                      conden
condenando                    conden
condenar                      conden
condenava                     conden
condena'vel                   conden
condenou                      conden
condensa                      condens
condephaat                    condephaat
condescendente                condescendent
condic,a~o                    condic,a~
condicionada                  condicion
condicionado                  condicion
condicional                   condicional
condicionamento               condicion
condicionou                   condicion
condic,o~es                   condic,o~
condimentar                   condiment
condizente                    condizent
condomi'nio                   condomi'ni
condomi'nios                  condomi'ni
conduc,a~o                    conduc,a~
conduc,o~es                   conduc,o~
conduta                       condut
condutas                      condut
conduz                        conduz
conduzia                      conduz
conduzidas                    conduz
conduzidos                    conduz
conduzindo                    conduz
conduzir                      conduz
conduziria                    conduz
conduziu                      conduz
cone                          con
conecta                       conect
conectadas                    conect
conectassem                   conect
conectava                     conect
conexa~o                      conexa~
conexo~es                     conexo~
confecc,a~o                   confecc,a~
confeccionadas                confeccion
confeccionado                 confeccion
confeccionar                  confeccion
confeccionistas               confeccion
confecc,o~es                  confecc,o~
confederac,a~o                confeder
confederac,o~es               confeder
conference                    conferenc
confere^ncia                  conferent
conferenciaram                conferenc
confere^ncias                 conferent
conferiam                     conf
conferido                     confer
conferimos                    confer
conferindo                    confer
conferir                      confer
conferisse                    confer
conferi'ssemos                confer
conferiu                      confer
confessa                      confess
confessado                    confess
confessam                     confess
confessando                   confess
confessasse                   confess
confessional                  confessional
confesso                      confess
confessos                     confess
confessou                     confess
confia                        conf
confiabilidade                confiabil
confiada                      confi
confianc,a                    confianc
confiante                     confiant
confiantes                    confiant
confiar                       confi
confiava                      confi
confia'veis                   confi
confia'vel                    confia'vel
confidenciais                 confidenc
confidencial                  confidencial
confidenciam                  confidenc
configura                     configur
configurac,a~o                configur
confinado                     confin
confinados                    confin
confinamento                  confin
confins                       confins
confio                        confi
confiou                       confi
confirma                      confirm
confirmac,a~o                 confirm
confirmada                    confirm
confirmadas                   confirm
confirmado                    confirm
confirmados                   confirm
confirmam                     confirm
confirmando                   confirm
confirmar                     confirm
confirmasse                   confirm
confirme                      confirm
confirmou                     confirm
confiscadas                   confisc
confiscado                    confisc
confiscar                     confisc
confiscaram                   confisc
confissa~o                    confissa~
confisso~es                   confisso~
conflitantes                  conflitant
conflito                      conflit
conflitos                     conflit
conflituosas                  conflitu
conflui'ram                   conflui'r
conforma                      conform
conformacional                conformacional
conformando                   conform
conformar                     conform
conforme                      conform
conformei                     conform
conformou                     conform
conforta'                     confort
conforta'veis                 confort
conforta'vel                  confort
confortavelmente              confort
conforto                      confort
confraternizar                confraterniz
confronta                     confront
confrontada                   confront
confrontado                   confront
confrontar                    confront
confronto                     confront
confrontos                    confront
confunde                      confund
confundem                     confund
confundida                    confund
confundidas                   confund
confundido                    confund
confundindo                   confund
confundiu                     confund
confusa                       confus
confusa~o                     confusa~
confuso                       confus
confuso~es                    confuso~
confusos                      confus
congela                       congel
congeladas                    congel
congelado                     congel
congelados                    congel
congelamento                  congel
congelando                    congel
congelar                      congel
congestiona                   congestion
congestionada                 congestion
congestionam                  congestion
congestionamento              congestion
congestionamentos             congestion
conglomerado                  conglomer
congonhas                     congonh
congratulo                    congratul
congrega                      congreg
congregac,a~o                 congreg
congregacional                congregacional
congregac,o~es                congreg
congregava                    congreg
congressistas                 congress
congresso                     congress
congressos                    congress
conhaque                      conhaqu
conhec,a                      conhec
conhec,am                     conhec
conhece                       conhec
conhece^                      conhec
conhecedor                    conhecedor
conhecem                      conhec
conhecemos                    conhec
conhecendo                    conhec
conhecer                      conhec
conhecera                     conhec
conheceram                    conhec
conhecerem                    conhec
conhecesse                    conhec
conheceu                      conhec
conheci                       conhec
conhecia                      conhec
conheciam                     conhec
conhecida                     conhec
conhecidas                    conhec
conhecido                     conhec
conhecidos                    conhec
conhecimento                  conhec
conhecimentos                 conhec
conhec,o                      conhec
conive^ncia                   conivent
conivente                     conivent
conjectura                    conjectur
conjugais                     conjug
conjugal                      conjugal
co^njuge                      co^njug
co^njuges                     co^njug
conjunc,a~o                   conjunc,a~
conjunta                      conjunt
conjuntas                     conjunt
conjunto                      conjunt
conjuntos                     conjunt
conjuntura                    conjuntur
conluio                       conlui
connery                       connery
conosco                       conosc
conquista                     conquist
conquista'                    conquist
conquistada                   conquist
conquistado                   conquist
conquistador                  conquist
conquistados                  conquist
conquistam                    conquist
conquistando                  conquist
conquistar                    conquist
conquistaram                  conquist
conquistas                    conquist
conquistei                    conquist
conquistou                    conquist
conrado                       conr
consagrac,a~o                 consagr
consagrada                    consagr
consagradas                   consagr
consagrado                    consagr
consagrados                   consagr
consagrar                     consagr
consagrou                     consagr
conscie^ncia                  conscie^nc
consciente                    conscient
conscientemente               conscient
conscientes                   conscient
conscientizac,a~o             conscientiz
conscientizar                 conscientiz
consecutivo                   consecut
consecutivos                  consecut
consegue                      conseg
conseguem                     consegu
consegui                      consegu
conseguia                     consegu
conseguiam                    consegu
conseguida                    consegu
conseguido                    consegu
conseguimos                   consegu
conseguindo                   consegu
conseguir                     consegu
conseguira                    consegu
conseguira'                   consegu
conseguiram                   consegu
conseguira~o                  consegu
conseguirei                   consegu
conseguirem                   consegu
conseguiria                   consegu
conseguiriam                  consegu
conseguisse                   consegu
conseguissem                  consegu
conseguiu                     consegu
conselheiro                   conselheir
conselheiros                  conselheir
conselho                      conselh
conselhos                     conselh
consenso                      consens
consensual                    consensual
consente                      consent
conseque^ncia                 consequent
consequ"e^ncia                consequ"ent
conseque^ncias                consequent
consequ"e^ncias               consequ"ent
consequente                   consequent
consequ"ente                  consequ"ent
consequ"entemente             consequ"ent
conserta                      consert
conserta'                     consert
consertando                   consert
consertar                     consert
consertos                     consert
consertou                     consert
conserva                      conserv
conservac,a~o                 conserv
conservada                    conserv
conservado                    conserv
conservador                   conserv
conservadora                  conserv
conservadoras                 conserv
conservadores                 conserv
conservadorismo               conservador
conservados                   conserv
conservam                     conserv
conservantes                  conservant
conservar                     conserv
conservation                  conservation
conservato'rio                conservato'ri
considera                     consid
considera'                    consid
considerac,a~o                consider
considerac,o~es               consider
considerada                   consider
consideradas                  consider
considerado                   consider
considerados                  consider
consideram                    consid
consideramos                  consider
considerando                  consider
considerar                    consider
considerava                   consider
consideravam                  consider
considera'vel                 consider
consideravelmente             consider
considere                     consider
considerei                    consid
considero                     consider
considerou                    consider
consiga                       consig
consigam                      consig
consigo                       consig
consiste                      cons
consistem                     consist
consiste^ncia                 consistent
consistente                   consistent
consistentes                  consistent
consistia                     consist
consolando                    consol
consolar                      consol
consoles                      consol
consolida                     consol
consolidac,a~o                consolid
consolidada                   consolid
consolidadas                  consolid
consolidar                    consolid
consolidasse                  consolid
consolo                       consol
consome                       consom
consomem                      consom
conso'rcio                    conso'rci
conso'rcios                   conso'rci
consortium                    consortium
conspirac,a~o                 conspir
conspurcando                  conspurc
consta                        const
constam                       const
constanc,a                    constanc
consta^ncia                   consta^nc
constante                     constant
constantemente                constant
constantes                    constant
constantinopla                constantinopl
constata                      constat
constatac,a~o                 constat
constatada                    constat
constatadas                   constat
constatado                    constat
constatamos                   constat
constatando                   constat
constatar                     constat
constataram                   constat
constatarmos                  constat
constatou                     constat
constava                      const
constelac,a~o                 constel
constestador                  constest
constitucionais               constitucion
constitucional                constitucional
constitucionalmente           constitucional
constitui                     constitu
constituic,a~o                constituic,a~
constitui'da                  constitui'd
constitui'do                  constitui'd
constituinte                  constituint
constituintes                 constituint
constrange                    constrang
constrangedor                 constrangedor
constrangedora                constrangedor
constrangedoras               constrangedor
constrangido                  constrang
constrangidos                 constrang
constrangimento               constrang
constrangimentos              constrang
constroem                     constro
constro'i                     constro'
construa                      constru
construc,a~o                  construc,a~
construcionismo               construcion
construc,o~es                 construc,o~
construi'                     constru
construi'da                   construi'd
construi'das                  construi'd
construi'do                   construi'd
construi'dos                  construi'd
construi'mos                  construi'm
construindo                   constru
construir                     constru
construira'                   constru
construi'ram                  construi'r
construiu                     constru
construtiva                   construt
construtor                    construtor
construtora                   construtor
construtoras                  construtor
consuelo                      consuel
co^nsul                       co^nsul
consulado                     consul
consulados                    consul
consulta                      consult
consulta'                     consult
consultadas                   consult
consultado                    consult
consultados                   consult
consultam                     consult
consultar                     consult
consultaram                   consult
consultarem                   consult
consultas                     consult
consultava                    consult
consulting                    consulting
consultivo                    consult
consulto                      consult
consultor                     consultor
consultora                    consultor
consultores                   consultor
consultoria                   consultor
consultorias                  consultor
consulto'rio                  consulto'ri
consulto'rios                 consulto'ri
consultou                     consult
consumac,a~o                  consum
consumando                    consum
consumar                      consum
consumida                     consum
consumidas                    consum
consumido                     consum
consumidor                    consumidor
consumidores                  consumidor
consumidos                    consum
consumindo                    consum
consumir                      consum
consumiram                    consum
consumismo                    consum
consumista                    consum
consumistas                   consum
consumiu                      consum
consumo                       consum
conta                         cont
conta'                        cont
conta'beis                    conta'b
conta'bil                     conta'bil
contabilidade                 contabil
contabiliza                   contabiliz
contabilizada                 contabiliz
contabilizado                 contabiliz
contabilizados                contabiliz
contabilizar                  contabiliz
contabilizaram                contabiliz
contabilizou                  contabiliz
contact                       contact
contada                       cont
contadas                      cont
contado                       cont
contador                      contador
contadora                     contador
contadores                    contador
contados                      cont
contagem                      contag
contagiante                   contagiant
conta'gio                     conta'gi
contam                        cont
contamina                     contamin
contaminac,a~o                contamin
contaminada                   contamin
contaminado                   contamin
contaminados                  contamin
contaminam                    contamin
contaminou                    contamin
contamos                      cont
contando                      cont
contar                        cont
contara                       cont
contara'                      cont
contaram                      cont
contardo                      contard
contas                        cont
contasse                      cont
contataram                    contat
contato                       contat
contatos                      contat
contatou                      contat
contava                       cont
contavam                      cont
conte                         cont
conte^                        cont
contei                        cont
conte^ineres                  conte^in
contem                        cont
conte'm                       conte'm
conte^m                       conte^m
contempla                     contempl
contemplada                   contempl
contemplados                  contempl
contemplando                  contempl
contempora^nea                contempora^n
contempora^neo                contempora^n
contempora^neos               contempora^n
contenc,a~o                   contenc,a~
contendo                      cont
contentar                     content
contente                      content
contentes                     content
conter                        cont
conterra^neas                 conterra^n
conterra^neo                  conterra^n
conterra^neos                 conterra^n
contesta                      contest
contestada                    contest
contestado                    contest
contestadora                  contest
contestamos                   contest
contestando                   contest
contestar                     contest
contestou                     contest
conteu'do                     conteu'd
conteu'dos                    conteu'd
conteve                       contev
contexto                      context
conti                         cont
contida                       cont
contidas                      cont
contido                       cont
contigente                    contigent
contigo                       contig
conti'guos                    conti'gu
contine^ncias                 continent
continental                   continental
continente                    continent
continentes                   continent
continge^ncias                contingent
contingente                   contingent
continha                      continh
continua                      continu
conti'nua                     conti'nu
continuac,a~o                 continu
continuac,o~es                continu
continuada                    continu
continuado                    continu
continuam                     continu
continuando                   continu
continuar                     continu
continuara'                   continu
continuaram                   continu
continuara~o                  continu
continuarei                   continu
continuaria                   continu
continuarmos                  continu
continuasse                   continu
continuava                    continu
continuavam                   continu
continue                      continu
continuidade                  continu
continuo                      continu
conti'nuo                     conti'nu
conti'nuos                    conti'nu
continuou                     continu
contive                       contiv
conto                         cont
contornado                    contorn
contornar                     contorn
contornara                    contorn
contorno                      contorn
contornos                     contorn
contos                        cont
contou                        cont
contra                        contr
contrabalanc,a                contrabalanc
contrabalanc,ar               contrabalanc
contrabalanc,arem             contrabalanc
contrabandeadas               contraband
contrabandeou                 contraband
contrabando                   contrab
contracapa                    contracap
contracena                    contracen
contraceptivos                contracept
contradic,a~o                 contradic,a~
contradic,o~es                contradic,o~
contradito'ria                contradito'r
contradito'rias               contradito'r
contradito'rio                contradito'ri
contragosto                   contragost
contrai'das                   contrai'd
contraindo                    contra
contrair                      contra
contrai'ram                   contrai'r
contrama~o                    contrama~
contramare'                   contramar
contrapartida                 contrapart
contrapeso                    contrapes
contraponha                   contraponh
contrapor                     contrapor
contraposic,o~es              contraposic,o~
contrapropo^s                 contrapropo^s
contraria                     contr
contra'ria                    contra'r
contrariado                   contrari
contrariados                  contrari
contrariamente                contrari
contrariando                  contrari
contrariar                    contrari
contra'rias                   contra'r
contrariedades                contrariedad
contra'rio                    contra'ri
contra'rios                   contra'ri
contras                       contr
contrasenso                   contrasens
contrasta                     contrast
contrastantes                 contrastant
contrastava                   contrast
contraste                     contr
contrastes                    contr
contrata                      contrat
contratac,a~o                 contrat
contratac,o~es                contrat
contratada                    contrat
contratadas                   contrat
contratado                    contrat
contratador                   contrat
contratados                   contrat
contratam                     contrat
contratando                   contrat
contratar                     contrat
contrataram                   contrat
contrataria                   contrat
contratei                     contrat
contratempo                   contratemp
contratempos                  contratemp
contrato                      contrat
contratos                     contrat
contratou                     contrat
contravenc,a~o                contravenc,a~
contraventor                  contraventor
contraventores                contraventor
contreiras                    contreir
contribui                     contribu
contribuic,a~o                contribuic,a~
contribuic,o~es               contribuic,o~
contribui'do                  contribui'd
contribuinte                  contribuint
contribuintes                 contribuint
contribuir                    contribu
contribui'ram                 contribui'r
contribuiu                    contribu
controla                      control
controlada                    control
controladas                   control
controlado                    control
controlador                   control
controladora                  control
controladores                 control
controlados                   control
controlam                     control
controlando                   control
controlar                     control
controlavam                   control
controle                      control
controles                     control
controlo                      control
controlou                     control
controversa                   controvers
controve'rsia                 controve'rs
controve'rsias                controve'rs
controverso                   controvers
controvertida                 controvert
contudo                       contud
contundente                   contundent
contundentes                  contundent
conturbada                    conturb
conturbado                    conturb
contusa~o                     contusa~
convalescendo                 convalesc
conve'm                       conve'm
convenc,a~o                   convenc,a~
convence                      convenc
convence^                     convenc
convencer                     convenc
convenceram                   convenc
convenceu                     convenc
convencia                     convenc
convencido                    convenc
convencidos                   convenc
convencionais                 convencion
convencional                  convencional
convencionou                  convencion
convenc,o~es                  convenc,o~
convenie^ncia                 convenient
conveniente                   convenient
convenientes                  convenient
conve^nio                     conve^ni
conve^nios                    conve^ni
convento                      convent
conventos                     convent
converge^ncias                convergent
conversa                      convers
conversado                    convers
conversam                     convers
conversamos                   convers
conversando                   convers
conversa~o                    conversa~
conversar                     convers
conversarmos                  convers
conversas                     convers
conversava                    convers
conversavam                   convers
conversei                     convers
conversinhas                  conversinh
conversi'veis                 conversi'v
conversi'vel                  convers
converso                      convers
converso~es                   converso~
conversora                    conversor
conversou                     convers
converte^                     convert
converter                     convert
converteram                   convert
converteu                     convert
convertida                    convert
convertidas                   convert
convertido                    convert
convertidos                   convert
conve's                       conve's
convicc,a~o                   convicc,a~
convicc,o~es                  convicc,o~
convice^ncia                  convicent
convicta                      convict
convicto                      convict
convida                       conv
convida'                      convid
convidada                     convid
convidadas                    convid
convidado                     convid
convidados                    convid
convidando                    convid
convidar                      convid
convidaram                    convid
convidaria                    convid
convidativa                   convid
convidativo                   convid
convidei                      convid
convidou                      convid
convincente                   convincent
convincentes                  convincent
convite                       convit
convites                      convit
convive                       conviv
convivem                      conviv
convivemos                    conviv
convive^ncia                  convivent
convive^ncias                 convivent
convivendo                    conviv
conviver                      conviv
convivera'                    conviv
conviveu                      conviv
conviviam                     conviv
convi'vio                     convi'vi
convivo                       conviv
convoca                       convoc
convocac,a~o                  convoc
convocada                     convoc
convocadas                    convoc
convocado                     convoc
convocados                    convoc
convocam                      convoc
convocando                    convoc
convocar                      convoc
convocara                     convoc
convocaram                    convoc
convocava                     convoc
convocou                      convoc
cony                          cony
cool                          cool
cooper                        coop
cooperac,a~o                  cooper
cooperada                     cooper
cooperado                     cooper
cooperados                    cooper
cooperativa                   cooper
cooperativas                  cooper
coordena                      coorden
coordenac,a~o                 coorden
coordenada                    coorden
coordenado                    coorden
coordenador                   coorden
coordenadora                  coorden
coordenadores                 coorden
coordenamos                   coorden
coordenar                     coorden
coordenava                    coorden
coordeno                      coorden
coordenou                     coorden
copa                          cop
copacabana                    copacaban
copas                         cop
copia                         cop
co'pia                        co'p
copia'                        copi
copiada                       copi
copiado                       copi
copiam                        cop
copiando                      copi
copiar                        copi
co'pias                       co'p
copiem                        copi
copioso                       copios
copiou                        copi
copo                          cop
copos                         cop
copperfield                   copperfield
co'pula                       co'pul
copulando                     copul
copular                       copul
copyright                     copyright
coqueiro                      coqueir
coqueiros                     coqueir
coqueluche                    coqueluch
coquete'is                    coquet
coquetel                      coquetel
cor                           cor
corac,a~o                     corac,a~
corac,o~es                    corac,o~
coragem                       corag
corais                        cor
corajosa                      coraj
corajosamente                 coraj
corajosas                     coraj
corajoso                      coraj
corajosos                     coraj
coral                         coral
corcovado                     corcov
corda                         cord
corda~o                       corda~
cordas                        cord
cordata                       cordat
cordato                       cordat
cordeiro                      cordeir
cordial                       cordial
cordilheira                   cordilheir
cordilheiras                  cordilheir
co'rdoba                      co'rdob
coreano                       corean
coreanos                      corean
core'ia                       cor
corel                         corel
coreografia                   coreograf
coreografias                  coreograf
coreo'grafos                  coreo'graf
cores                         cor
corey                         corey
corgan                        corgan
corine                        corin
corinthiana                   corinthian
corinthians                   corinthians
corisco                       corisc
corn                          corn
cornell                       cornell
corner                        corn
cornhill                      cornhill
coro                          cor
coroa                         coro
coroada                       coro
coroado                       coro
coroamento                    coroament
coroar                        coro
coroas                        coro
corola'rio                    corola'ri
corona'ria                    corona'r
coronel                       coronel
coros                         cor
corpinho                      corpinh
corpo                         corp
corporac,a~o                  corpor
corporac,o~es                 corpor
corporal                      corporal
corporation                   corporation
corporativa                   corpor
corporativismo                corporativ
corporativo                   corpor
corporativos                  corpor
corpo'rea                     corpo'r
corpos                        corp
corps                         corps
corpus                        corpus
corradini                     corradin
corre                         corr
correa                        corr
corre^a                       corr
correc,a~o                    correc,a~
correc,o~es                   correc,o~
corredor                      corredor
corredores                    corredor
corregedor                    corregedor
corregedoria                  corregedor
correia                       corr
correic,a~o                   correic,a~
correic,o~es                  correic,o~
correio                       correi
correios                      correi
correlatos                    correlat
correligiona'rios             correligiona'ri
correm                        corr
correndo                      corr
corrente                      corrent
correntes                     corrent
correnteza                    corrent
correntistas                  corrent
correr                        corr
correram                      corr
correria                      corr
correriam                     corr
corresponde                   correspond
correspondem                  correspond
corresponde^ncia              correspondent
corresponde^ncias             correspondent
correspondente                correspondent
corresponder                  correspond
correspondida                 correspond
correspondido                 correspond
correta                       corret
corretamente                  corret
corretas                      corret
corretivo                     corret
correto                       corret
corretor                      corretor
corretora                     corretor
corretoras                    corretor
corretores                    corretor
corretos                      corret
correu                        corr
corri                         corr
corria                        corr
corriam                       corr
corrida                       corr
corridas                      corr
corrido                       corr
corrigi                       corrig
corrigido                     corrig
corrigidos                    corrig
corrigir                      corrig
corrigirmos                   corrig
corrimentos                   corriment
corriqueira                   corriqueir
corriqueiras                  corriqueir
corriqueiros                  corriqueir
corriveau                     corriveau
corroborada                   corrobor
corroem                       corro
corroi'da                     corroi'd
corrompendo                   corromp
corrupc,a~o                   corrupc,a~
corrupto                      corrupt
corruptos                     corrupt
corta                         cort
cortada                       cort
cortadas                      cort
cortado                       cort
cortador                      cortador
cortados                      cort
cortam                        cort
cortamos                      cort
cortando                      cort
cortante                      cortant
cortar                        cort
cortaram                      cort
cortava                       cort
corte                         cort
cortei                        cort
cortejada                     cortej
cortejo                       cortej
cortes                        cort
co^rtes                       co^rt
corte^s                       corte^s
cortesa~os                    cortesa~
cortesia                      cortes
cortic,os                     cortic
cortinas                      cortin
cortisona                     cortison
cortou                        cort
coruja                        coruj
cos                           cos
cosette                       cosett
cosidera                      cosid
cosme'tica                    cosme't
cosme'tico                    cosme't
cosme'ticos                   cosme't
co'smica                      co'smic
co'smico                      co'smic
cosmo                         cosm
cosmo'dromo                   cosmo'drom
cosmologia                    cosmolog
cosmolo'gica                  cosmolo'g
cosmologista                  cosmolog
cosmopolitan                  cosmopolitan
cosmopolitismo                cosmopolit
cosmos                        cosm
cossacos                      cossac
costa                         cost
costanza                      costanz
costas                        cost
costeiras                     costeir
costeiros                     costeir
costela                       costel
costelas                      costel
costeletas                    costelet
costello                      costell
costi                         cost
costuma                       costum
costumam                      costum
costumava                     costum
costumavam                    costum
costume                       costum
costumes                      costum
costumo                       costum
costura                       costur
costurada                     costur
costurado                     costur
costurar                      costur
costuras                      costur
costureira                    costureir
costureiras                   costureir
costureiros                   costureir
costuro                       costur
costurou                      costur
cota                          cot
cotac,a~o                     cotac,a~
cotac,o~es                    cotac,o~
cotado                        cot
cotados                       cot
cotas                         cot
co^te                         co^t
cotecchino                    cotecchin
cotejadas                     cotej
cotidiana                     cotidian
cotidianas                    cotidian
cotidiano                     cotidian
cotovelo                      cotovel
coube                         coub
coubesse                      coub
courac,a                      courac
couro                         cour
cours                         cours
courtney                      courtney
cousteau                      cousteau
couto                         cout
couturie'                     couturi
covarde                       covard
covardemente                  covard
covas                         cov
coveiro                       coveir
covello                       covell
covers                        covers
covo                          cov
coxa                          cox
coxas                         cox
cozidas                       coz
cozido                        coz
cozimento                     coziment
cozinha                       cozinh
cozinhando                    cozinh
cozinhar                      cozinh
cozinhe                       cozinh
cozinheira                    cozinheir
cozinheiras                   cozinheir
cozinheiro                    cozinheir
cozinheiros                   cozinheir
cpi                           cpi
cpis                          cpis
cpmf                          cpmf
cptza~o                       cptza~
cpu                           cpu
cr                            cr
craca~o                       craca~
crack                         crack
craft                         craft
craig                         craig
craniano                      cranian
cra^nio                       cra^ni
cra^nios                      cra^ni
craque                        craqu
craques                       craqu
cratera                       crat
crateras                      crat
crava'                        crav
cravados                      crav
cravarmos                     crav
craveiro                      craveir
cravo                         crav
cravou                        crav
crawford                      crawford
creche                        crech
creches                       crech
credencia                     credenc
credenciado                   credenc
credenciados                  credenc
credenciais                   credenc
credenciamento                credenc
credia'rio                    credia'ri
credibilidade                 credibil
credicard                     credicard
credita                       credit
creditar                      credit
cre'dito                      cre'dit
cre'ditos                     cre'dit
creditou                      credit
credor                        credor
credores                      credor
cre^em                        cre^
crefisul                      crefisul
creio                         crei
cremac,a~o                    cremac,a~
cremado                       crem
cremar                        crem
cremasco                      cremasc
cremato'rio                   cremato'ri
creme                         crem
cremes                        crem
cremesp                       cremesp
cremilda                      cremild
cremosos                      cremos
crenc,a                       crenc
crenc,as                      crenc
crente                        crent
crentes                       crent
crepe                         crep
crer                          crer
cresc,a                       cresc
cresc,am                      cresc
cresce                        cresc
crescem                       cresc
crescendo                     cresc
crescente                     crescent
crescentes                    crescent
crescer                       cresc
cresceram                     cresc
cresceu                       cresc
cresciam                      cresc
crescidinha                   crescidinh
crescido                      cresc
crescidos                     cresc
crescimento                   cresciment
crespos                       cresp
cria                          cri
cria'                         cri
criac,a~o                     criac,a~
criacionista                  criacion
criac,o~es                    criac,o~
criada                        cri
criadas                       cri
criado                        cri
criador                       criador
criadores                     criador
criados                       cri
criadouros                    criadour
criam                         cri
crianc,a                      crianc
crianc,ada                    crianc
crianc,as                     crianc
criancinha                    criancinh
criancinhas                   criancinh
criando                       cri
criar                         cri
criara'                       cri
criaram                       cri
criariam                      cri
criasse                       cri
criativas                     criativ
criatividade                  criativ
criativo                      criativ
criativos                     criativ
criatura                      criatur
criaturas                     criatur
criavam                       cri
crichton                      crichton
crick                         crick
crie                          cri
criem                         cri
crigor                        crigor
crime                         crim
crimes                        crim
criminais                     crimin
criminal                      criminal
criminalidade                 criminal
criminalista                  criminal
criminalistas                 criminal
criminali'stica               criminali'st
criminosas                    crimin
criminoso                     crimin
criminosos                    crimin
crio                          cri
crioterapia                   crioterap
criou                         cri
criptogra'fica                criptogra'f
cris                          cris
crise                         cris
crises                        cris
crisma                        crism
crispim                       crispim
crista~                       crista~
cristais                      crist
cristal                       cristal
cristalinas                   cristalin
cristalizar                   cristaliz
crista~o                      crista~
crista~os                     crista~
cristian                      cristian
cristiana                     cristian
cristianismo                  cristian
cristiano                     cristian
cristina                      cristin
cristo                        crist
cristobal                     cristobal
cristo'va~o                   cristo'va~
crite'rio                     crite'ri
crite'rios                    crite'ri
criteriosa                    criteri
criteriosos                   criteri
critica                       critic
cri'tica                      cri'tic
critica'                      critic
criticado                     critic
criticam                      critic
criticando                    critic
criticar                      critic
cri'ticas                     cri'tic
criticava                     critic
cri'tico                      cri'tic
cri'ticos                     cri'tic
criticou                      critic
crivada                       criv
crivo                         criv
crixa's                       crixa's
crj                           crj
croche^                       croch
crocodile                     crocodil
croissant                     croissant
cromo                         crom
cromossomo                    cromossom
cromossomos                   cromossom
cromwell                      cromwell
cro^nica                      cro^nic
cro^nicas                     cro^nic
cro^nico                      cro^nic
cronista                      cronist
cronograma                    cronogram
cronologia                    cronolog
cronolo'gica                  cronolo'g
crooner                       croon
croqui                        croqu
croquis                       croqu
crosby                        crosby
cru                           cru
cruciais                      cruc
crucial                       crucial
crucificado                   crucific
crucificar                    crucific
crucifixo                     crucifix
cru'cis                       cru'c
crue'is                       cru
cruel                         cruel
crueldade                     crueldad
cruenta                       cruent
crusp                         crusp
crusta'ceos                   crusta'c
cruz                          cruz
cruza                         cruz
cruzada                       cruz
cruzadas                      cruz
cruzado                       cruz
cruzados                      cruz
cruzam                        cruz
cruzamento                    cruzament
cruzamentos                   cruzament
cruzar                        cruz
cruzavam                      cruz
cruze                         cruz
cruzeiro                      cruzeir
cruzem                        cruz
cruzes                        cruz
cruzi                         cruz
csn                           csn
cst                           cst
ct                            ct
cuba                          cub
cubana                        cuban
cubano                        cuban
cubanos                       cuban
cubas                         cub
cubata~o                      cubata~
cu'bico                       cu'bic
cu'bicos                      cu'bic
cubzac                        cubzac
cuca                          cuc
cucarachas                    cucarach
cucco                         cucc
cuche^                        cuch
cueca                         cuec
cuecas                        cuec
cuiaba'                       cuiab
cuida                         cuid
cuidadas                      cuid
cuidado                       cuid
cuidados                      cuid
cuidadosa                     cuidad
cuidadosamente                cuidad
cuidadoso                     cuidad
cuidadosos                    cuidad
cuidam                        cuid
cuidando                      cuid
cuidar                        cuid
cuidarem                      cuid
cuidava                       cuid
cuidavam                      cuid
cuidei                        cuid
cuidem                        cuid
cuido                         cuid
cuidou                        cuid
cuisine                       cuisin
cui'to                        cui't
cuja                          cuj
cujas                         cuj
cujo                          cuj
cujos                         cuj
culatra                       culatr
culina'ria                    culina'r
culina'rias                   culina'r
culminac,a~o                  culmin
culminante                    culminant
culminar                      culmin
culminou                      culmin
culote                        culot
culpa                         culp
culpado                       culp
culpados                      culp
culpar                        culp
culpava                       culp
culpo                         culp
culpou                        culp
cult                          cult
cultiva                       cultiv
cultivada                     cultiv
cultivados                    cultiv
cultivar                      cultiv
culto                         cult
cultores                      cultor
cultos                        cult
cultua                        cultu
cultuada                      cultu
cultuados                     cultu
cultuar                       cultu
cultura                       cultur
culturais                     cultur
cultural                      cultural
culturalmente                 cultural
culturas                      cultur
cumbica                       cumbic
cume                          cum
cu'mplice                     cu'mplic
cumplicidade                  cumplic
cumpra                        cumpr
cumpra'                       cumpr
cumpre                        cumpr
cumprem                       cumpr
cumpri                        cumpr
cumpri'                       cumpr
cumpria                       cumpr
cumprida                      cumpr
cumpridas                     cumpr
cumprido                      cumpr
cumprimentar                  cumpriment
cumprimento                   cumpriment
cumprimentos                  cumpriment
cumprindo                     cumpr
cumprir                       cumpr
cumprirem                     cumpr
cumprirmos                    cumpr
cumpriu                       cumpr
cumpulso'rio                  cumpulso'ri
cumulativo                    cumul
cunha                         cunh
cunhada                       cunh
cunhado                       cunh
cunhos                        cunh
cunhou                        cunh
cupim                         cupim
cu'pula                       cu'pul
cura                          cur
cura'                         cur
curada                        cur
curadas                       cur
curado                        cur
curador                       curador
curadora                      curador
curam                         cur
curandeirismo                 curandeir
curandeiro                    curandeir
curandeiros                   curandeir
curar                         cur
curas                         cur
cura'vel                      cura'vel
curei                         cur
curio'                        curi
curiosa                       curios
curiosamente                  curios
curiosas                      curios
curiosidade                   curios
curiosidades                  curios
curioso                       curios
curiosos                      curios
curitiba                      curitib
curou                         cur
curral                        curral
curricular                    curricul
curri'culo                    curri'cul
curri'culos                   curri'cul
cursa                         curs
cursam                        curs
cursando                      curs
cursar                        curs
cursava                       curs
cursinho                      cursinh
curso                         curs
cursos                        curs
cursou                        curs
curta                         curt
curtas                        curt
curtem                        curt
curtindo                      curt
curtir                        curt
curtirem                      curt
curto                         curt
curtos                        curt
curva                         curv
curvado                       curv
curvar                        curv
curvas                        curv
curvou                        curv
cury                          cury
cuschnir                      cuschn
cushman                       cushman
cuspidas                      cusp
custa                         cust
custado                       cust
custam                        cust
custar                        cust
custara'                      cust
custas                        cust
custava                       cust
custavam                      cust
custe                         cust
custeadas                     cust
custeado                      cust
custear                       cust
custei                        cust
custeia                       cust
custeio                       custei
custeou                       cust
custo                         cust
custo'dia                     custo'd
custo'dio                     custo'di
custos                        cust
custou                        cust
cuti'cula                     cuti'cul
cutucando                     cutuc
cybex                         cybex
cynthia                       cynthi
cyntia                        cynti
cypel                         cypel
cyro                          cyro
cyrus                         cyrus
cz                            cz
d                             d
da                            da
da'                           da'
dabdab                        dabdab
dac                           dac
dachas                        dach
dacta                         dact
dada                          dad
dada'                         dad
dadas                         dad
dadi                          dad
dado                          dad
dados                         dad
dagueneide                    dagueneid
dai'                          dai'
daily                         daily
daisy                         daisy
dal                           dal
dalai                         dala
dali                          dal
dali'                         dal
dallari                       dallar
dallas                        dall
dalmo                         dalm
dalton                        dalton
dalva                         dalv
dama                          dam
damasco                       damasc
damiana                       damian
damia~o                       damia~
daminhas                      daminh
damos                         dam
danado                        dan
danc,a                        danc
danc,am                       danc
danc,ando                     danc
danc,ante                     danc,ant
danc,ar                       danc
danc,aram                     danc
danc,arina                    danc,arin
danc,arinas                   danc,arin
danc,arinos                   danc,arin
danc,as                       danc
danc,ava                      danc
danc,avam                     danc
dance                         danc
danceteria                    dancet
danc,o                        danc
danc,ou                       danc
dando                         dand
dani                          dan
daniel                        daniel
daniela                       daniel
daniella                      daniell
danielle                      daniell
danifica                      danif
danificado                    danific
danificava                    danific
danilo                        danil
dano                          dan
danone                        danon
danos                         dan
danosos                       danos
danou                         dan
danse                         dans
dantas                        dant
dante                         dant
dantescas                     dantesc
danton                        danton
da~o                          da~
dapartamento                  dapart
daphne                        daphn
daquela                       daquel
daquelas                      daquel
daquele                       daquel
daqueles                      daquel
daqui                         daqu
daquilo                       daquil
dar                           dar
dara'                         dar
dara~o                        dara~
darci                         darc
darcio                        darci
da'rcio                       da'rci
darcy                         darcy
dardanelos                    dardanel
darem                         dar
daria                         dar
dariel                        dariel
dark                          dark
darlene                       darlen
darmos                        darm
darwin                        darwin
darwiniana                    darwinian
darwinista                    darwin
das                           das
daslu                         daslu
dastem                        dast
data                          dat
datado                        dat
datafolha                     datafolh
dataprev                      dataprev
datas                         dat
datasus                       datasus
date                          dat
datelli                       datell
datilografado                 datilograf
datilografar                  datilograf
datilo'grafas                 datilo'graf
datilografei                  datilograf
datilografia                  datilograf
datilo'grafo                  datilo'graf
datou                         dat
dava                          dav
davam                         dav
dave                          dav
davi                          dav
david                         david
davide                        david
da'vila                       da'vil
davis                         dav
dawkins                       dawkins
day                           day
dbm                           dbm
dc                            dc
dce                           dce
dd                            dd
ddd                           ddd
de                            de
de^                           de^
deaconess                     deaconess
dean                          dean
debaixo                       debaix
debandou                      deband
debate                        debat
debatem                       debat
debater                       debat
debates                       debat
debateu                       debat
debatido                      debat
debelado                      debel
debe^ntures                   debe^ntur
de'bil                        de'bil
debilitada                    debilit
debilitado                    debilit
debilo'ide                    debilo'id
debitadas                     debit
debitado                      debit
de'bito                       de'bit
de'bitos                      de'bit
debocha                       deboch
debochados                    deboch
deboche                       deboch
de'bora                       de'bor
deborah                       deborah
debray                        debray
debruc,ada                    debruc
debruc,ou                     debruc
de'but                        de'but
debutante                     debutant
dec                           dec
de'cada                       de'c
de'cadas                      de'c
decade^ncia                   decadent
decadente                     decadent
decadentes                    decadent
decai'da                      decai'd
decaiu                        deca
dece^ncia                     dece^nc
decente                       decent
decentemente                  decent
decepac,o~es                  decep
decepadas                     decep
decepc,a~o                    decepc,a~
decepcionadas                 decepcion
decepcionado                  decepcion
decepcionam                   decepcion
decepcionante                 decepcionant
decepc,o~es                   decepc,o~
decerto                       decert
decibe'is                     decib
decide                        decid
decidem                       decid
decidi                        decid
decidiam                      decid
decidida                      decid
decididamente                 decidid
decidido                      decid
decidimos                     decid
decidir                       decid
decidira'                     decid
decidiram                     decid
decidirem                     decid
decidiu                       decid
decido                        dec
decifrada                     decifr
decifrados                    decifr
decifrar                      decifr
decifraremos                  decifr
decifrou                      decifr
decilitro                     decilitr
de'cima                       de'cim
decimal                       decimal
de'cimo                       de'cim
de'cimos                      de'c
de'cio                        de'ci
decisa~o                      decisa~
decisiva                      decis
decisivamente                 decis
decisivas                     decis
decisivo                      decis
decisivos                     decis
deciso~es                     deciso~
declara                       decl
declarac,a~o                  declar
declarac,o~es                 declar
declarada                     declar
declarado                     declar
declaram                      decl
declarar                      declar
declararam                    declar
declarasse                    declar
declarava                     declar
declarou                      declar
declinar                      declin
decli'nio                     decli'ni
decola                        decol
decolagem                     decolag
decolagens                    decolagens
decolando                     decol
decolar                       decol
decolara                      decol
decolaram                     decol
decolou                       decol
decora                        decor
decorac,a~o                   decor
decorada                      decor
decorado                      decor
decorador                     decor
decoradora                    decor
decoradoras                   decor
decoradores                   decor
decorar                       decor
decorativo                    decor
decorou                       decor
decorre                       decorr
decorre^ncia                  decorrent
decorrentes                   decorrent
decorrer                      decorr
decorreu                      decorr
decorridos                    decorr
decotada                      decot
decreta                       decret
decretac,a~o                  decret
decretada                     decret
decretar                      decret
decretaram                    decret
decreto                       decret
decretou                      decret
decuplicar                    decuplic
dedica                        dedic
dedicac,a~o                   dedic
dedicada                      dedic
dedicadas                     dedic
dedicado                      dedic
dedicados                     dedic
dedicam                       dedic
dedicando                     dedic
dedicar                       dedic
dedicaram                     dedic
dedico                        dedic
dedicou                       dedic
dedinho                       dedinh
dediquei                      dediqu
dedo                          ded
dedos                         ded
deduraram                     dedur
deduz                         deduz
deduzir                       deduz
de^em                         de^em
deep                          deep
defamation                    defamation
defasagem                     defasag
defecar                       defec
defeito                       defeit
defeitos                      defeit
defeituosas                   defeitu
defeituoso                    defeitu
defeituosos                   defeitu
defenda                       defend
defende                       defend
defende^                      defend
defendem                      defend
defendendo                    defend
defender                      defend
defendera'                    defend
defenderte                    defendert
defendesse                    defend
defendeu                      defend
defendi                       defend
defendida                     defend
defendo                       def
defensiva                     defens
defensor                      defensor
defensora                     defensor
defensores                    defensor
defere^ncia                   deferent
defesa                        defes
defesas                       defes
deff                          deff
deficie^ncia                  deficent
deficie^ncias                 deficent
deficiente                    deficient
deficientes                   deficient
de'ficit                      de'ficit
de'ficits                     de'ficits
define                        defin
definem                       defin
definham                      definh
definic,a~o                   definic,a~
definida                      defin
definidas                     defin
definido                      defin
definidos                     defin
definindo                     defin
definir                       defin
definiram                     defin
definirmos                    defin
definitiva                    definit
definitivamente               definit
definitivo                    definit
definitivos                   definit
definiu                       defin
deflagrada                    deflagr
deflagrador                   deflagr
deflagradores                 deflagr
deformados                    deform
deformar                      deform
defronta                      defront
defunta                       defunt
defuntos                      defunt
degase                        degas
degenera                      degen
degeneris                     degener
degolados                     degol
degradadas                    degrad
degradando                    degrad
degradar                      degrad
degradaram                    degrad
degradee`                     degradee`
degrau                        degrau
degraus                       degraus
degredado                     degred
degredados                    degred
degustac,a~o                  degust
degustador                    degust
degustam                      degust
degustar                      degust
deheinzelin                   deheinzelin
dei                           dei
deitada                       deit
deitar                        deit
deixa                         deix
deixa'                        deix
deixada                       deix
deixadas                      deix
deixado                       deix
deixam                        deix
deixamos                      deix
deixando                      deix
deixar                        deix
deixara                       deix
deixara'                      deix
deixaram                      deix
deixara~o                     deix
deixarem                      deix
deixaria                      deix
deixariam                     deix
deixasse                      deix
deixava                       deix
deixavam                      deix
deixe                         deix
deixei                        deix
deixem                        deix
deixo                         deix
deixou                        deix
dejanir                       dejan
dejenane                      dejenan
dejetos                       dejet
del                           del
dela                          del
delano                        delan
delas                         del
delata                        delat
delatando                     delat
dele                          del
delega                        deleg
delegac,a~o                   deleg
delegacia                     delegac
delegada                      deleg
delegado                      deleg
delegados                     deleg
delegar                       deleg
deleitando                    deleit
deleites                      deleit
deles                         del
deletar                       delet
delfim                        delfim
delgar                        delg
de'li                         de'l
deliberadamente               deliber
delicada                      delic
delicado                      delic
delicados                     delic
delicatessen                  delicatessen
deli'cia                      deli'c
deliciar                      delic
deliciosa                     delic
deliciosamente                delic
deliciosas                    delic
delicioso                     delic
delineada                     delin
delinear                      delin
delinque^ncia                 delinquent
delinquente                   delinquent
delinquentes                  delinquent
de'lio                        de'li
deliram                       del
delirante                     delirant
delirantes                    delirant
delirava                      delir
deli'rio                      deli'ri
delito                        delit
delitos                       delit
della                         dell
delmar                        delm
delors                        delors
delta                         delt
deltacid                      deltacid
dema                          dem
demago'gico                   demago'g
demagogo                      demagog
demais                        dem
demanda                       demand
demandar                      demand
demandas                      demand
demarcac,o~es                 demarc
demarcado                     demarc
demarcou                      demarc
demasia                       demas
demasiado                     demasi
deme'trio                     deme'tri
demi                          dem
demissa~o                     demissa~
demissiona'rios               demissiona'ri
demisso~es                    demisso~
demitem                       demit
demitiam                      demit
demitida                      demit
demitido                      demit
demitir                       demit
demitiram                     demit
demitiu                       demit
democracia                    democrac
democracias                   democrac
democrata                     democrat
democra'tica                  democra't
democraticamente              democrat
democra'tico                  democra't
democra'ticos                 democra't
democratismo                  democrat
democratizac,a~o              democratiz
de'mode'                      de'mod
demografia                    demograf
demogra'fica                  demogra'f
demogra'ficos                 demogra'f
demo'grafos                   demo'graf
demolida                      demol
demoliu                       demol
demoni'aco                    demoni'ac
demo^nio                      demo^ni
demo^nios                     demo^ni
demonstra                     demonstr
demonstrac,a~o                demonstr
demonstrado                   demonstr
demonstram                    demonstr
demonstrando                  demonstr
demonstrar                    demonstr
demonstraram                  demonstr
demonstrava                   demonstr
demonstrou                    demonstr
demora                        demor
demorada                      demor
demoradamente                 demor
demorado                      demor
demorados                     demor
demoram                       demor
demorando                     demor
demorar                       demor
demoravam                     demor
demore                        demor
demorei                       demor
demoro                        demor
demorou                       demor
demos                         dem
demoura                       demour
demovem                       demov
dende^                        dend
denegridor                    denegridor
deneuve                       deneuv
deng                          deng
dengo                         deng
dengosa                       dengos
dengoso                       dengos
dengue                        deng
deni'lson                     deni'lson
denise                        denis
dennis                        denn
denominac,a~o                 denomin
denominac,o~es                denomin
denominado                    denomin
denominador                   denomin
denominados                   denomin
denominando                   denomin
densa                         dens
densidade                     densidad
densitometria                 densitometr
densito^metro                 densito^metr
denso                         dens
denta'ria                     denta'r
dente                         dent
dentes                        dent
dentista                      dentist
dentistas                     dentist
dentre                        dentr
dentro                        dentr
denuncia                      denunc
denu'ncia                     denu'nc
denunciadas                   denunc
denunciado                    denunc
denunciando                   denunc
denunciar                     denunc
denu'ncias                    denu'nc
denunciavam                   denunc
denuncie                      denunc
denunciou                     denunc
denuncismo                    denunc
denver                        denv
deodoro                       deodor
deon                          deon
deops                         deops
depara                        dep
deparamos                     depar
deparar                       depar
deparou                       depar
departamentalizac,a~o         departamentaliz
departamento                  depart
departamentos                 depart
dependa                       depend
depende                       depend
dependem                      depend
dependemos                    depend
depende^ncia                  dependent
depende^ncias                 dependent
dependendo                    depend
dependente                    dependent
dependentes                   dependent
depender                      depend
dependera'                    depend
dependera~o                   depend
dependeria                    depend
dependeu                      depend
dependi                       depend
dependia                      depend
dependuram                    dependur
dependurar                    dependur
depila                        depil
depiladas                     depil
depoente                      depoent
depoentes                     depoent
depoimento                    depoiment
depoimentos                   depoiment
depois                        depo
depor                         depor
deportac,a~o                  deport
deportado                     deport
deportaram                    deport
deposic,a~o                   deposic,a~
deposita                      deposit
depositadas                   deposit
depositado                    deposit
depositados                   deposit
depositar                     deposit
deposito                      deposit
depo'sito                     depo'sit
depo'sitos                    depo'sit
depre^                        depr
depreciac,a~o                 deprec
depressa                      depress
depressa~o                    depressa~
depressiva                    depress
depressivo                    depress
depressivos                   depress
depresso~es                   depresso~
deprimida                     deprim
deprimidas                    deprim
depurac,a~o                   depur
depurar                       depur
depuseram                     depus
deputada                      deput
deputado                      deput
deputados                     deput
der                           der
dera                          der
deram                         der
derci                         derc
derivada                      deriv
derivado                      deriv
derivados                     deriv
dermatolo'gicos               dermatolo'g
dermatologista                dermatolog
dermatologistas               dermatolog
derradeira                    derradeir
derradeiras                   derradeir
derradeiros                   derradeir
derrama                       derram
derramam                      derram
derramamento                  derram
derrame                       derram
derrames                      derram
derramou                      derram
derrapou                      derrap
derretida                     derret
derrocada                     derroc
derrota                       derrot
derrota'                      derrot
derrotada                     derrot
derrotado                     derrot
derrotados                    derrot
derrotas                      derrot
derrotista                    derrot
derrotou                      derrot
derruba                       derrub
derruba'                      derrub
derrubados                    derrub
derrubam                      derrub
derrubando                    derrub
derrubar                      derrub
derrubaram                    derrub
derrubou                      derrub
dertouzos                     dertouz
des                           des
desaba                        desab
desabado                      desab
desabafa                      desabaf
desabafo                      desabaf
desabafou                     desabaf
desabamento                   desab
desabaram                     desab
desabastecimento              desabastec
desabou                       desab
desabrido                     desabr
desaconselha                  desaconselh
desaconselhado                desaconselh
desaconselha'vel              desaconselh
desacordado                   desacord
desacredito                   desacredit
desafeto                      desafet
desafetos                     desafet
desafia                       desaf
desafiadoras                  desafi
desafiam                      desaf
desafiando                    desafi
desafiar                      desafi
desafina                      desafin
desafinado                    desafin
desafio                       desafi
desafios                      desafi
desaforo                      desafor
desa'gio                      desa'gi
desagrada                     desagr
desagradara'                  desagrad
desagrada'veis                desagrad
desagrada'vel                 desagrad
desagravo                     desagrav
desa'guam                     desa'gu
desaguar                      desagu
desajeitado                   desajeit
desajustada                   desajust
desalentador                  desalent
desalinhados                  desalinh
desalinho                     desalinh
desamparadas                  desampar
desamparo                     desampar
desandou                      desand
desanimado                    desanim
desanimar                     desanim
desa^nimos                    desa^n
desanimou                     desanim
desaparec,a                   desaparec
desaparece                    desaparec
desaparecem                   desaparec
desaparecendo                 desaparec
desaparecer                   desaparec
desapareceu                   desaparec
desaparecido                  desaparec
desapontada                   desapont
desapontados                  desapont
desapontamento                desapont
desaprovar                    desaprov
desarma'                      desarm
desarmada                     desarm
desarmado                     desarm
desarranjos                   desarranj
desarrumac,a~o                desarrum
desarrumados                  desarrum
desarticula                   desarticul
desarticulac,a~o              desarticul
desassombrada                 desassombr
desastrado                    desastr
desastrados                   desastr
desastre                      desastr
desastres                     desastr
desastrosas                   desastr
desastroso                    desastr
desata'                       desat
desatar                       desat
desativada                    desativ
desativado                    desativ
desativados                   desativ
desatracar                    desatrac
desatualizada                 desatualiz
desavenc,as                   desavenc
desavisado                    desavis
desavisados                   desavis
desbancar                     desbanc
desbancou                     desbanc
desbaratar                    desbarat
desbloquear                   desbloqu
desbravadora                  desbrav
desbravamento                 desbrav
desbravando                   desbrav
desbunde                      desbund
descalc,a                     descalc
descalcificac,a~o             descalcific
descalc,o                     descalc
descalc,os                    descalc
descalvado                    descalv
descampado                    descamp
descansa                      descans
descansada                    descans
descansam                     descans
descansar                     descans
descanso                      descans
descansou                     descans
descaracterizaria             descaracteriz
descarga                      descarg
descargas                     descarg
descarrega                    descarreg
descarregamento               descarreg
descarregar                   descarreg
descartada                    descart
descartam                     descart
descartar                     descart
descartou                     descart
descasa                       descas
descasado                     descas
descasando                    descas
descasca'                     descasc
descascado                    descasc
descascar                     descasc
descaso                       descas
descasque                     descasqu
descem                        desc
descendente                   descendent
descendentes                  descendent
descendo                      desc
descentraliza                 descentraliz
descentralizac,a~o            descentraliz
descentralizada               descentraliz
descentralizado               descentraliz
descer                        desc
desceram                      desc
descertificac,a~o             descertific
descertificaram               descertific
descesse                      desc
desceu                        desc
descida                       desc
desclassificado               desclassific
desclassificam                desclassific
desc,o                        desc
descoberta                    descobert
descobertas                   descobert
descoberto                    descobert
descobertos                   descobert
descobre                      descobr
descobrem                     descobr
descobri                      descobr
descobria                     descobr
descobridor                   descobridor
descobrimento                 descobr
descobrimentos                descobr
descobrimos                   descobr
descobrindo                   descobr
descobrir                     descobr
descobriram                   descobr
descobrirem                   descobr
descobrirmos                  descobr
descobrisse                   descobr
descobrissem                  descobr
descobriu                     descobr
descompasso                   descompass
descomprometidas              descompromet
descomprometidos              descompromet
descompromissada              descompromiss
descompromisso                descompromiss
desconcentrar                 desconcentr
desconfia                     desconf
desconfiada                   desconfi
desconfiado                   desconfi
desconfiados                  desconfi
desconfiam                    desconf
desconfianc,a                 desconfianc
desconfianc,as                desconfianc
desconfiar                    desconfi
desconfie                     desconfi
desconfiei                    desconfi
desconfiou                    desconfi
desconforta'veis              desconfort
desconforta'vel               desconfort
desconforto                   desconfort
descongestionante             descongestionant
desconhecia                   desconhec
desconheciam                  desconhec
desconhecida                  desconhec
desconhecidas                 desconhec
desconhecido                  desconhec
desconhecidos                 desconhec
desconhecimento               desconhec
desconsidera                  desconsid
descontando                   descont
descontar                     descont
desconte                      descont
descontentamento              descontent
descontente                   descontent
descontentes                  descontent
descontos                     descont
descontrac,a~o                descontr
descontrai'da                 descontrai'd
descontrai'do                 descontrai'd
descontrai'dos                descontrai'd
descontrolada                 descontrol
descontroladas                descontrol
descontrolado                 descontrol
descontrole                   descontrol
desconversa                   desconvers
desconversar                  desconvers
desconversava                 desconvers
descre'dito                   descre'dit
descrenc,a                    descrenc
descrente                     descrent
descreve                      descrev
descrevem                     descrev
descrever                     descrev
descrevera                    descrev
descreveu                     descrev
descric,a~o                   descric,a~
descric,o~es                  descric,o~
descrita                      descrit
descritas                     descrit
descritivo                    descrit
descrito                      descrit
descubra                      descubr
descubram                     descubr
descubrir                     descubr
descubro                      descubr
descuido                      descu
descuidos                     descu
desculpa                      desculp
desculpada                    desculp
desculpas                     desculp
desculpava                    desculp
descumprido                   descumpr
descumprimento                descumpr
descumprirem                  descumpr
descumpriu                    descumpr
desde                         desd
desditoso                     desdit
deseja                        desej
desejada                      desej
desejadas                     desej
desejado                      desej
desejam                       desej
desejando                     desej
desejar                       desej
desejarem                     desej
desejaria                     desej
desejava                      desej
deseja'vel                    desej
desejo                        desej
desejos                       desej
desembarca                    desembarc
desembarcam                   desembarc
desembarcamos                 desembarc
desembarcar                   desembarc
desembarcara'                 desembarc
desembarcaram                 desembarc
desembarcava                  desembarc
desembarcou                   desembarc
desembargador                 desembarg
desembargadores               desembarg
desembarque                   desembarqu
desembocar                    desemboc
desembolsa                    desembols
desembolsando                 desembols
desembolsar                   desembols
desembolsaram                 desembols
desembolso                    desembols
desembolsou                   desembols
desempatou                    desempat
desempenha                    desempenh
desempenhando                 desempenh
desempenhar                   desempenh
desempenhavam                 desempenh
desempenho                    desempenh
desempenhou                   desempenh
desempregada                  desempreg
desempregadas                 desempreg
desempregado                  desempreg
desempregados                 desempreg
desemprego                    desempreg
desencadeado                  desencad
desencadear                   desencad
desencadearam                 desencad
desencadeia                   desencad
desencadeou                   desencad
desencanada                   desencan
desencanto                    desencant
desenfreada                   desenfr
desenfreado                   desenfr
desenganado                   desengan
desenganados                  desengan
desengavetou                  desengavet
desengonc,ado                 desengonc
desenha'                      desenh
desenhada                     desenh
desenhadas                    desenh
desenhado                     desenh
desenhar                      desenh
desenharam                    desenh
desenhava                     desenh
desenhista                    desenh
desenhistas                   desenh
desenho                       desenh
desenhos                      desenh
desenhou                      desenh
desenrola                     desenrol
desenrolada                   desenrol
desenrolar                    desenrol
desensibilizar                desensibiliz
desentende                    desentend
desentender                   desentend
desentendimento               desentend
desenterrarem                 desenterr
desentupido                   desentup
desentupir                    desentup
desenvoltura                  desenvoltur
desenvolva                    desenvolv
desenvolve                    desenvolv
desenvolvem                   desenvolv
desenvolvendo                 desenvolv
desenvolver                   desenvolv
desenvolveram                 desenvolv
desenvolveu                   desenvolv
desenvolvida                  desenvolv
desenvolvidas                 desenvolv
desenvolvido                  desenvolv
desenvolvidos                 desenvolv
desenvolvimentista            desenvolviment
desenvolvimento               desenvolv
desequilibra                  desequilibr
desequilibrado                desequilibr
desequilibrados               desequilibr
desequili'brio                desequili'bri
deserdavam                    deserd
deserta                       desert
deserto                       desert
desertores                    desertor
desesperada                   desesper
desesperadamente              desesper
desesperado                   desesper
desesperadora                 desesper
desesperados                  desesper
desesperam                    desesp
desesperanc,ados              desesperanc
desesperando                  desesper
desesperar                    desesper
desesperem                    desesp
desespero                     desesper
desestatizac,a~o              desestatiz
desestimula                   desestimul
desestimulam                  desestimul
desesti'mulo                  desesti'mul
desestimulou                  desestimul
desfalcavam                   desfalc
desfalque                     desfalqu
desfavora'vel                 desfavor
desfaz                        desfaz
desfazem                      desfaz
desfazendo                    desfaz
desfazer                      desfaz
desfaziam                     desfaz
desfechada                    desfech
desfecho                      desfech
desfeita                      desfeit
desfeito                      desfeit
desferido                     desfer
desferir                      desfer
desferiu                      desfer
desfez                        desfez
desfigurac,a~o                desfigur
desfila                       desfil
desfiladeiros                 desfiladeir
desfilando                    desfil
desfilar                      desfil
desfilaram                    desfil
desfilava                     desfil
desfile                       desfil
desfiles                      desfil
desfilou                      desfil
desfiou                       desfi
desfocadas                    desfoc
desfralda                     desfrald
desfraldada                   desfrald
desfraldadas                  desfrald
desfrutam                     desfrut
desfrutar                     desfrut
desgasta                      desgast
desgastadas                   desgast
desgastando                   desgast
desgastante                   desgastant
desgastar                     desgast
desgaste                      desg
desgovernado                  desgovern
desgrac,a                     desgrac
desgrac,as                    desgrac
desgruda                      desgrud
desi                          des
desideologizac,a~o            desideologiz
deside'rio                    deside'ri
desidratac,a~o                desidrat
desidrogenase                 desidrogenas
design                        design
designa                       design
designac,a~o                  design
designada                     design
designado                     design
designados                    design
designar                      design
designava                     design
designer                      design
designers                     designers
designs                       designs
desigual                      desigual
desigualdade                  desigualdad
desigualdades                 desigualdad
desilusa~o                    desilusa~
desiluso~es                   desiluso~
desimpedida                   desimped
desimportante                 desimportant
desincompatibilizac,a~o       desincompatibiliz
desincompatibilizar           desincompatibiliz
desinformac,a~o               desinform
desinformadas                 desinform
desinibida                    desinib
desintelige^ncia              desinteligent
desinteressada                desinteress
desinteressado                desinteress
desinteressam                 desinteress
desintoxicac,a~o              desintoxic
desiste                       des
desiste^ncia                  desistent
desisti                       desist
desistiam                     desist
desistindo                    desist
desistir                      desist
desistiram                    desist
desistiria                    desist
desistisse                    desist
desistiu                      desist
desisto                       desist
deslanchar                    deslanch
desleal                       desleal
desleixado                    desleix
desligado                     deslig
desligados                    deslig
desligamento                  deslig
desligar                      deslig
desligara'                    deslig
desligaram                    deslig
desligaria                    deslig
desligassem                   deslig
desligo                       deslig
desligou                      deslig
desliguei                     desligu
deslise                       deslis
deslizando                    desliz
deslizar                      desliz
deslize                       desliz
deslizes                      desliz
desloca                       desloc
deslocada                     desloc
deslocados                    desloc
deslocamento                  desloc
deslocar                      desloc
deslocava                     desloc
deslocou                      desloc
deslumbrada                   deslumbr
deslumbrado                   deslumbr
deslumbrados                  deslumbr
deslumbrante                  deslumbrant
deslumbrar                    deslumbr
desmaiar                      desmai
desmaiava                     desmai
desmaiavam                    desmai
desmaios                      desmai
desmaiou                      desmai
desmanchar                    desmanch
desmanche                     desmanch
desmantelamento               desmantel
desmantelar                   desmantel
desmar                        desm
desmascaramento               desmascar
desmascarar                   desmascar
desmata                       desmat
desmatadas                    desmat
desmatamento                  desmat
desmatamentos                 desmat
desmatando                    desmat
desmedidas                    desmed
desmembram                    desmembr
desmente                      desment
desmentindo                   desment
desmentir                     desment
desmerece                     desmerec
desmesuradamente              desmesur
desmilitarizada               desmilitariz
desmistificac,a~o             desmistific
desmistificar                 desmistific
desmitificac,a~o              desmitific
desmontando                   desmont
desmontar                     desmont
desmontaram                   desmont
desmoralizac,a~o              desmoraliz
desmoronou                    desmoron
desmunhecar                   desmunhec
desnatado                     desnat
desnecessa'ria                desnecessa'r
desnecessa'rias               desnecessa'r
desnecessa'rio                desnecessa'ri
desnecessa'rios               desnecessa'ri
desnorteamento                desnort
desnuclearizada               desnucleariz
desnutric,a~o                 desnutric,a~
desobedeceu                   desobedec
desobedie^ncias               desobedient
desobediente                  desobedient
desobese                      desobes
desocupadas                   desocup
desodorados                   desodor
desodorante                   desodorant
desodorantes                  desodorant
desolado                      desol
desonesta                     desonest
desonestidade                 desonest
desonesto                     desonest
desonrosa                     desonr
desordem                      desord
desordenadas                  desorden
desordenado                   desorden
desorganizadas                desorganiz
desorientac,a~o               desorient
desorientada                  desorient
desorientado                  desorient
desorientados                 desorient
desorientou                   desorient
desoxirribonucle'ico          desoxirribonucl
despacha                      despach
despacha'                     despach
despachada                    despach
despachado                    despach
despachados                   despach
despachar                     despach
despachara                    despach
despachava                    despach
despachei                     despach
despacho                      despach
despachos                     despach
despachou                     despach
despe                         desp
despedac,ada                  despedac
despedac,ando                 despedac
despedida                     desped
despedidas                    desped
despedido                     desped
despedir                      desped
despediu                      desped
despeito                      despeit
despeja                       despej
despejados                    despej
despejando                    despej
despejar                      despej
despejo                       despej
despejou                      despej
despencando                   despenc
despencaram                   despenc
despencou                     despenc
despender                     despend
despensas                     despens
despercebida                  desperceb
despercebidas                 desperceb
despercebido                  desperceb
despercebidos                 desperceb
desperdic,a                   desperdic
desperdic,ando                desperdic
desperdic,ar                  desperdic
desperdi'cio                  desperdi'ci
desperdic,ou                  desperdic
desperta                      despert
despertado                    despert
despertando                   despert
despertar                     despert
despertaram                   despert
desperte                      despert
desperto                      despert
despertou                     despert
despesa                       despes
despesas                      despes
despindo                      desp
despistar                     despist
desplugados                   desplug
despojar                      despoj
despolitizada                 despolitiz
desponta                      despont
despontar                     despont
despontaram                   despont
despontava                    despont
despontou                     despont
desportos                     desport
de'spotas                     de'spot
desprendem                    desprend
despreparada                  desprepar
despreparado                  desprepar
despreparados                 desprepar
despressurizac,a~o            despressuriz
desprestigiado                desprestigi
despretensiosamente           despretensi
despretensioso                despretensi
desprevenidos                 despreven
desprezar                     desprez
desprezi'vel                  desprez
desprezo                      desprez
desprezou                     desprez
desproporcionais              desproporcion
despropositada                desproposit
desprotegida                  desproteg
desprotegidas                 desproteg
desprovido                    desprov
despudor                      despudor
desqualificada                desqualific
desqualificado                desqualific
desquitada                    desquit
desquitado                    desquit
desregulamentac,a~o           desregulament
desrespeita                   desrespeit
desrespeitassem               desrespeit
desrespeito                   desrespeit
dessa                         dess
dessas                        dess
desse                         dess
dessem                        dess
desserve                      desserv
desses                        dess
desta                         dest
destaca                       destac
destacada                     destac
destacado                     destac
destacam                      destac
destacando                    destac
destacar                      destac
destacaram                    destac
destacassem                   destac
destacava                     destac
destacavam                    destac
destaca'vel                   destac
destacou                      destac
destaque                      destaqu
destaques                     destaqu
destas                        dest
deste                         dest
destelhar                     destelh
destemida                     destem
destemido                     destem
destes                        dest
destilar                      destil
destilarias                   destil
destina                       destin
destinada                     destin
destinadas                    destin
destinado                     destin
destinados                    destin
destinam                      destin
destinamos                    destin
destinara'                    destin
destinava                     destin
destino                       destin
destinos                      destin
destinou                      destin
destituic,a~o                 destituic,a~
destoa                        desto
destoam                       desto
destrambelhados               destrambelh
destrincha                    destrinch
destroc,ados                  destroc
destroc,os                    destroc
destroc,ou                    destroc
destro'i                      destro'
destronou                     destron
destrui'                      destru
destruic,a~o                  destruic,a~
destrui'da                    destrui'd
destrui'das                   destrui'd
destrui'do                    destrui'd
destruidor                    destruidor
destrui'dos                   destrui'd
destrui'mos                   destrui'm
destruindo                    destru
destruir                      destru
destruira'                    destru
destrui'sse                   destrui'ss
destruiu                      destru
destrutiva                    destrut
destrutivos                   destrut
desumano                      desuman
desuso                        desus
desvaloriza                   desvaloriz
desvalorizac,a~o              desvaloriz
desvalorizados                desvaloriz
desvantagem                   desvantag
desvantagens                  desvantagens
desvantajosas                 desvantaj
desvarios                     desvari
desvencilhar                  desvencilh
desvenda                      desvend
desvendados                   desvend
desvendamos                   desvend
desvendar                     desvend
desviada                      desvi
desviados                     desvi
desviar                       desvi
desviei                       desvi
desviem                       desvi
desvinculados                 desvincul
desvio                        desvi
desvios                       desvi
desviou                       desvi
desvirtuar                    desvirtu
details                       details
detalha                       detalh
detalhada                     detalh
detalhadas                    detalh
detalhadi'ssima               detalhadi'ssim
detalhar                      detalh
detalharmos                   detalh
detalhe                       detalh
detalhes                      detalh
detalhista                    detalh
detalhistas                   detalh
detecc,a~o                    detecc,a~
detecta                       detect
detectada                     detect
detectadas                    detect
detectado                     detect
detectados                    detect
detectam                      detect
detectar                      detect
detectaram                    detect
detectaria                    detect
detecta'vel                   detect
detector                      detector
detectores                    detector
detectou                      detect
dete'm                        dete'm
detenc,a~o                    detenc,a~
detenha                       detenh
detentas                      detent
detentor                      detentor
detentora                     detentor
deter                         det
deteriora                     deterior
deteriorac,a~o                deterior
determina                     determin
determinac,a~o                determin
determinac,o~es               determin
determinada                   determin
determinadas                  determin
determinado                   determin
determinados                  determin
determinam                    determin
determinando                  determin
determinante                  determinant
determinantes                 determinant
determinar                    determin
determinara                   determin
determinasse                  determin
determinava                   determin
determinou                    determin
detesta                       detest
detestam                      detest
detestem                      detest
detesto                       detest
detetive                      detetiv
detetives                     detetiv
detida                        det
detido                        det
detinha                       detinh
detinham                      detinh
detona                        deton
detonac,a~o                   deton
detonada                      deton
detonadas                     deton
detonadores                   deton
detonam                       deton
detonar                       deton
detour                        detour
detran                        detran
detrans                       detrans
detratores                    detrator
detrimento                    detriment
detroit                       detroit
deturpac,a~o                  deturp
deturpadas                    deturp
deu                           deu
deus                          deus
deusa                         deus
deuses                        deus
deva                          dev
devagar                       devag
devagarinho                   devagarinh
devassa                       devass
devassada                     devass
devastac,a~o                  devast
devastado                     devast
devastador                    devast
devastadora                   devast
devastadores                  devast
devastam                      devast
devastando                    devast
devaste                       dev
devastou                      devast
deve                          dev
devedor                       devedor
devem                         dev
devemos                       dev
devendo                       dev
dever                         dev
devera'                       dev
devera~o                      dev
deveres                       dev
deveria                       dev
deveriam                      dev
deveri'amos                   dev
devesse                       dev
deve^ssemos                   dev
devia                         dev
deviam                        dev
devida                        dev
devidamente                   devid
devido                        dev
devidos                       dev
devo                          dev
devoc,a~o                     devoc,a~
devoluc,a~o                   devoluc,a~
devoluta                      devolut
devolve                       devolv
devolvem                      devolv
devolvendo                    devolv
devolver                      devolv
devolveram                    devolv
devolveu                      devolv
devolvido                     devolv
devolvidos                    devolv
devora                        devor
devorado                      devor
devoravam                     devor
devore                        devor
de'vore'                      de'vor
devotados                     devot
devotos                       devot
dewulf                        dewulf
dexfenfluramina               dexfenfluramin
dez                           dez
dezembro                      dezembr
dezena                        dezen
dezenas                       dezen
dezenove                      dezenov
dezesseis                     dezess
dezessete                     dezesset
dezoito                       dezoit
df                            df
di                            di
dia                           dia
diabetes                      diabet
diabe'tica                    diabe't
diabe'tico                    diabe't
diablo                        diabl
diabo                         diab
diabo'lica                    diabo'l
diabo'lico                    diabo'l
diabos                        diab
dia'cono                      dia'con
diagnosis                     diagnos
diagnostica                   diagnost
diagnostica'                  diagnostic
diagnosticado                 diagnostic
diagnosticam                  diagnostic
diagnosticando                diagnostic
diagnosticar                  diagnostic
diagno'stico                  diagno'st
diagno'sticos                 diagno'st
diagnosticou                  diagnostic
diagonal                      diagonal
diagramac,a~o                 diagram
diagramadora                  diagram
dialdata                      dialdat
diale'tica                    diale't
dialetos                      dialet
dialoga                       dialog
dia'logo                      dia'log
dia'logos                     dia'log
diamante                      diamant
dia^metro                     dia^metr
diana                         dian
diante                        diant
dianteira                     dianteir
dia'ria                       dia'r
diariamente                   diari
dia'rias                      dia'r
dia'rio                       dia'ri
dia'rios                      dia'ri
diarista                      diarist
diarre'ia                     diarr
diarre'ias                    diarr
dias                          dias
diasa                         dias
diaz                          diaz
dica                          dic
dicaprio                      dicapri
dicas                         dic
dicc,a~o                      dicc,a~
dida'tica                     dida't
dida'ticas                    dida't
dida'tico                     dida't
dida'ticos                    dida't
didi                          did
dieckman                      dieckman
dieese                        diees
diego                         dieg
diegues                       diegu
diempax                       diempax
diesel                        diesel
diet                          diet
dieta                         diet
dietas                        diet
dietilpropiona                dietilpropion
difamac,a~o                   difam
difere                        difer
diferem                       dif
diferenc,a                    diferenc
diferenc,as                   diferenc
diferencia                    diferenc
diferenciac,a~o               diferenc
diferenciada                  diferenc
diferenciadas                 diferenc
diferenciado                  diferenc
diferenciais                  diferenc
diferencial                   diferencial
diferenciam                   diferenc
diferenciar                   diferenc
diferente                     diferent
diferentemente                diferent
diferentes                    diferent
difi'ceis                     difi'c
difi'cieis                    difi'c
difi'cil                      difi'cil
difici'limas                  difici'lim
difici'limo                   difici'lim
dificilmente                  dificil
dificulade                    dificulad
dificuldade                   dificuldad
dificuldades                  dificuldad
dificulta                     dificult
dificultam                    dificult
dificultar                    dificult
dificultara'                  dificult
dificultava                   dificult
difunde                       difund
difundem                      difund
difundida                     difund
difundido                     difund
difusa~o                      difusa~
diga                          dig
digamos                       dig
digerida                      diger
digerindo                     diger
digesta~o                     digesta~
digestivo                     digest
digimarc                      digimarc
digitais                      digit
digital                       digital
digitalizada                  digitaliz
digitalizar                   digitaliz
digite                        digit
di'gitos                      di'git
digna                         dign
dignamente                    dign
dignas                        dign
dignidade                     dignidad
digno                         dign
dignos                        dign
digo                          dig
diguem                        digu
dilacerado                    dilacer
dilatador                     dilat
dilatadores                   dilat
dilatar                       dilat
dilbert                       dilbert
dilema                        dilem
diligentemente                diligent
dillon                        dillon
dilly                         dilly
dilton                        dilton
dilui'das                     dilui'd
diluir                        dilu
dilza                         dilz
dimensa~o                     dimensa~
dimensionar                   dimension
dimenso~es                    dimenso~
dimenstein                    dimenstein
dimes                         dim
diminuem                      diminu
diminui                       diminu
diminuic,a~o                  diminuic,a~
diminui'do                    diminui'd
diminuindo                    diminu
diminuir                      diminu
diminui'ram                   diminui'r
diminui'sse                   diminui'ss
diminuiu                      diminu
dinamarque^s                  dinamarque^s
dinamarquesa                  dinamarques
dina^mica                     dina^m
dina^micas                    dina^m
dina^mico                     dina^m
dinamismo                     dinam
di'namo                       di'nam
dinastia                      dinast
dinda                         dind
dinheirama                    dinheiram
dinheira~o                    dinh
dinheirinho                   dinheirinh
dinheiro                      dinheir
diniz                         diniz
dino                          din
dinorah                       dinorah
dinos                         din
dinossauro                    dinossaur
dinossauros                   dinossaur
diocese                       dioces
dioceses                      dioces
diogo                         diog
dionisi'acas                  dionisi'ac
dioni'sio                     dioni'si
dionysius                     dionysius
dior                          dior
dios                          dios
diploma                       diplom
diplomacia                    diplomac
diplomas                      diplom
diplomata                     diplomat
diplomatas                    diplomat
diploma'tica                  diploma't
diploma'ticas                 diploma't
dira'                         dir
dira~o                        dira~
dirceu                        dirc
direc,a~o                     direc,a~
direciona                     direcion
direcionado                   direcion
direcional                    direcional
direciono                     direcion
direc,o~es                    direc,o~
direita                       direit
direitinho                    direitinh
direitista                    direit
direito                       direit
direitos                      direit
direta                        diret
diretamente                   diret
diretas                       diret
direto                        diret
diretor                       diretor
diretora                      diretor
diretoras                     diretor
diretores                     diretor
diretoria                     diretor
diretorias                    diretor
direto'rios                   direto'ri
diretos                       diret
diretrizes                    diretriz
diria                         dir
dirige                        dirig
dirigem                       dirig
dirigente                     dirigent
dirigentes                    dirigent
dirigi                        dirig
dirigia                       dirig
dirigiam                      dirig
dirigida                      dirig
dirigidas                     dirig
dirigido                      dirig
dirigidos                     dirig
dirigindo                     dirig
dirigir                       dirig
dirigiu                       dirig
dirijam                       dirij
dirijo                        dirij
dirimir                       dirim
dirty                         dirty
discagem                      discag
discar                        disc
discernimento                 discern
disciplina                    disciplin
disciplinada                  disciplin
disciplinado                  disciplin
disciplinador                 disciplin
disciplinar                   disciplin
disciplinou                   disciplin
disci'pulo                    disci'pul
disci'pulos                   disci'pul
disco                         disc
discografia                   discograf
discordam                     discord
discorda^ncias                discorda^nc
discordar                     discord
disco'rdia                    disco'rd
discordo                      discord
discos                        disc
discoteca                     discotec
discotecas                    discotec
discovery                     discovery
discrepa^ncia                 discrepa^nc
discreta                      discret
discretamente                 discret
discretas                     discret
discreto                      discret
discretos                     discret
discric,a~o                   discric,a~
discrimina                    discrimin
discriminac,a~o               discrimin
discriminac,o~es              discrimin
discriminada                  discrimin
discriminam                   discrimin
discriminar                   discrimin
discrografia                  discrograf
discursa~o                    discursa~
discursar                     discurs
discurso                      discurs
discursos                     discurs
discussa~o                    discussa~
discusso~es                   discusso~
discuta                       discut
discute                       discut
discutem                      discut
discuti                       discut
discutida                     discut
discutido                     discut
discutimos                    discut
discutindo                    discut
discutir                      discut
discutiram                    discut
discutirmos                   discut
discutiu                      discut
discuti'vel                   discut
discuto                       discut
disfarc,a                     disfarc
disfarc,ada                   disfarc
disfarc,ado                   disfarc
disfarc,ados                  disfarc
disfarc,am                    disfarc
disfarc,ando                  disfarc
disfarc,ar                    disfarc
disfarce                      disfarc
disfarces                     disfarc
disfarc,ou                    disfarc
disfunc,o~es                  disfunc,o~
disktem                       diskt
disney                        disney
disneyla^ndia                 disneyla^nd
disneyworld                   disneyworld
dispara                       disp
disparada                     dispar
disparado                     dispar
disparados                    dispar
disparam                      disp
disparando                    dispar
dispararam                    dispar
disparava                     dispar
di'spares                     di'sp
disparidade                   dispar
disparidades                  dispar
disparo                       dispar
disparos                      dispar
disparou                      dispar
dispendioso                   dispendi
dispensa                      dispens
dispensada                    dispens
dispensado                    dispens
dispensados                   dispens
dispensam                     dispens
dispensar                     dispens
dispensaram                   dispens
dispensa'veis                 dispens
dispensa'vel                  dispens
dispenso                      dispens
dispensou                     dispens
displicentemente              displicent
dispo~e                       dispo~
dispo~em                      dispo~
dispomos                      dispom
dispondo                      dispond
disponibilidade               disponibil
disponibilizado               disponibiliz
disponi'veis                  disponi'v
disponi'vel                   dispon
dispor                        dispor
dispo^s                       dispo^s
disposic,a~o                  disposic,a~
dispositivos                  disposit
disposta                      dispost
dispostas                     dispost
disposto                      dispost
dispostos                     dispost
dispunha                      dispunh
dispunham                     dispunh
dispuseram                    dispus
disputa                       disput
disputada                     disput
disputado                     disput
disputados                    disput
disputam                      disput
disputar                      disput
disputara'                    disput
disputaram                    disput
disputas                      disput
disputou                      disput
disquete                      disquet
disse                         diss
dissecac,a~o                  dissec
dissecando                    dissec
dissecar                      dissec
disseminado                   dissemin
disseminados                  dissemin
disser                        diss
dissera                       diss
disseram                      diss
disserem                      diss
dissesse                      diss
disside^ncia                  dissident
disside^ncias                 dissident
dissidentes                   dissident
dissimulou                    dissimul
disso                         diss
dissociada                    dissoc
dissolver                     dissolv
dissolveu                     dissolv
dissona^ncia                  dissona^nc
dissuadido                    dissuad
dista^ncia                    dista^nc
distanciado                   distanc
distanciamento                distanc
dista^ncias                   dista^nc
distante                      distant
distantes                     distant
distensa~o                    distensa~
distinc,a~o                   distinc,a~
distinguido                   distingu
distinguir                    distingu
distingu"ir                   distingu"
distintamente                 distint
distintas                     distint
distintos                     distint
disto                         dist
distorc,a~o                   distorc,a~
distorce                      distorc
distorcem                     distorc
distorcendo                   distorc
distorcida                    distorc
distorcidas                   distorc
distorcido                    distorc
distorc,o~es                  distorc,o~
distrac,a~o                   distrac,a~
distribuem                    distribu
distribui                     distribu
distribui'a                   distribui'
distribui'am                  distribui'
distribuic,a~o                distribuic,a~
distribui'da                  distribui'd
distribui'das                 distribui'd
distribuidora                 distribuidor
distribuidoras                distribuidor
distribui'dos                 distribui'd
distribuindo                  distribu
distribuir                    distribu
distribuiu                    distribu
distrito                      distrit
distu'rbios                   distu'rbi
dita                          dit
ditada                        dit
ditado                        dit
ditador                       ditador
ditadores                     ditador
ditadura                      ditadur
ditaduras                     ditadur
ditas                         dit
ditatorial                    ditatorial
ditatorialmente               ditatorial
ditava                        dit
dito                          dit
diuturna                      diuturn
diva                          div
diva~                         diva~
divagando                     divag
divaldo                       divald
divas                         div
diverge                       diverg
divergem                      diverg
diverge^ncias                 divergent
diversa                       divers
diversa~o                     diversa~
diversas                      divers
diversidade                   divers
diversificac,a~o              diversific
diversificada                 diversific
diversificado                 diversific
diversificando                diversific
diversificar                  diversific
diversificou                  diversific
diversifiquem                 diversifiqu
diversionista                 diversion
diverso~es                    diverso~
diversos                      divers
diverte                       divert
divertem                      divert
divertia                      divert
divertida                     divert
divertidas                    divert
divertidi'ssima               divertidi'ssim
divertido                     divert
divertidos                    divert
divertimento                  divert
divertindo                    divert
divertir                      divert
di'vida                       di'v
di'vidas                      di'v
divide                        divid
dividem                       divid
dividendos                    dividend
dividi                        divid
dividia                       divid
dividida                      divid
divididas                     divid
dividido                      divid
divididos                     divid
dividimos                     divid
dividindo                     divid
dividir                       divid
dividiram                     divid
divido                        div
divina                        divin
divindade                     divindad
diving                        diving
divino                        divin
divinola^ndia                 divinola^nd
divirjo                       divirj
divisa                        divis
divisa~o                      divisa~
divisas                       divis
diviso~es                     diviso~
divisor                       divisor
divorciada                    divorc
divorciado                    divorc
divorciando                   divorc
divorciaram                   divorc
divo'rcio                     divo'rci
divo'rcios                    divo'rci
divorciou                     divorc
divulga                       divulg
divulgac,a~o                  divulg
divulgada                     divulg
divulgadas                    divulg
divulgado                     divulg
divulgador                    divulg
divulgadores                  divulg
divulgados                    divulg
divulgam                      divulg
divulgar                      divulg
divulgaram                    divulg
divulgarem                    divulg
divulgou                      divulg
diz                           diz
dizem                         diz
dizendo                       diz
dizer                         diz
dizerem                       diz
dizia                         diz
diziam                        diz
dizimadas                     dizim
dizimado                      dizim
dizimaram                     dizim
di'zimo                       di'zim
dizzy                         dizzy
dj                            dj
djair                         dja
djanira                       djan
djavan                        djavan
dkw                           dkw
dl                            dl
dm                            dm
dna                           dna
do                            do
do'                           do'
doa                           doa
doac,a~o                      doac,a~
doac,o~es                     doac,o~
doada                         doad
doado                         doad
doador                        doador
doadores                      doador
doados                        doad
doam                          doam
doando                        doand
doar                          doar
doaram                        doar
dobra                         dobr
dobradas                      dobr
dobradic,as                   dobradic
dobram                        dobr
dobrar                        dobr
dobrara'                      dobr
dobraram                      dobr
dobre                         dobr
dobro                         dobr
dobrou                        dobr
doca                          doc
doce                          doc
do'ceis                       do'c
docente                       docent
doces                         doc
documenta                     document
documentac,a~o                document
documentada                   document
documenta'rio                 documenta'ri
documenta'rios                documenta'ri
documento                     document
documentos                    document
doc,ura                       doc,ur
doe                           doe
doenc,a                       doenc
doenc,as                      doenc
doente                        doent
doentes                       doent
doentia                       doent
doentio                       doenti
doer                          doer
dogmas                        dogm
doi                           doi
do'i                          do'i
doi'a                         doi'
doida                         doid
doido                         doid
dois                          dois
do'lar                        do'l
do'lares                      do'l
dolce                         dolc
doleiros                      doleir
dolly                         dolly
dolores                       dolor
dolorida                      dolor
dolorido                      dolor
dolorosa                      dolor
dolorosas                     dolor
doloroso                      dolor
dom                           dom
domada                        dom
domaine                       domain
domenecci                     domenecc
dome'stica                    dome'st
dome'sticas                   dome'st
dome'stico                    dome'st
dome'sticos                   dome'st
domici'                       domic
domiciliar                    domicili
domici'lio                    domici'li
domi'cilios                   domi'cili
domici'lios                   domici'li
domina                        domin
dominada                      domin
dominadas                     domin
dominado                      domin
dominadores                   domin
dominam                       domin
dominando                     domin
dominante                     dominant
dominar                       domin
dominaram                     domin
dominarem                     domin
dominavam                     domin
domine                        domin
dominga~o                     dominga~
domingo                       doming
domingos                      doming
domingues                     domingu
dominguinhos                  dominguinh
domini                        domin
dominicais                    dominic
dominical                     dominical
dominicana                    dominican
domi'nio                      domi'ni
domi'nios                     domi'ni
domus                         domus
dona                          don
donald                        donald
donas                         don
dondoca                       dondoc
donnely                       donnely
dono                          don
donos                         don
dons                          dons
donzela                       donzel
doo                           doo
doou                          doou
dopa'                         dop
dopamina                      dopamin
dops                          dops
dor                           dor
dora                          dor
do'rea                        do'r
dores                         dor
doreste                       dor
dorfman                       dorfman
dorival                       dorival
dorme                         dorm
dormem                        dorm
dormia                        dorm
dormiam                       dorm
dormido                       dorm
dormidos                      dorm
dormimos                      dorm
dormindo                      dorm
dormir                        dorm
dormiram                      dorm
dormirem                      dorm
dormito'rio                   dormito'ri
dormito'rios                  dormito'ri
dormiu                        dorm
dorrit                        dorrit
dorsal                        dorsal
dorso                         dors
dos                           dos
dosada                        dos
dosagem                       dosag
dosar                         dos
dose                          dos
dosedel                       dosedel
doses                         dos
dossie^                       dossi
dotac,a~o                     dotac,a~
dotes                         dot
dou                           dou
douglas                       dougl
dourada                       dour
douradas                      dour
dourado                       dour
dourados                      dour
douram                        dour
dourar                        dour
doutor                        doutor
doutora                       doutor
doutorado                     doutor
doutores                      doutor
doutrina                      doutrin
down                          down
downhill                      downhill
downsizing                    downsizing
downtown                      downtown
doxorubicina                  doxorubicin
doze                          doz
dpca                          dpca
dpz                           dpz
dr                            dr
dra                           dra
dracena                       dracen
drag                          drag
drama                         dram
dramas                        dram
drama'tica                    drama't
dramaticamente                dramat
drama'ticas                   drama't
dramaticidade                 dramat
drama'tico                    drama't
drama'ticos                   drama't
dramaturga                    dramaturg
dramaturgia                   dramaturg
dramatu'rgica                 dramatu'rg
dramaturgo                    dramaturg
dra'stica                     dra'stic
drasticamente                 drastic
dra'sticas                    dra'stic
dra'sticos                    dra'stic
drblava                       drblav
drc                           drc
drenado                       dren
drenagem                      drenag
drenou                        dren
dressing                      dressing
dreyfuss                      dreyfuss
driblando                     dribl
driblar                       dribl
drinque                       drinqu
drinques                      drinqu
droga                         drog
drogado                       drog
drogados                      drog
drogando                      drog
drogar                        drog
drogaria                      drog
drogarias                     drog
drogas                        drog
dronbusch                     dronbusch
drosnin                       drosnin
drug                          drug
drugstores                    drugstor
drummond                      drummond
ds                            ds
du                            du
dualib                        dualib
dualid                        dualid
dualidade                     dualidad
duarte                        duart
duas                          duas
du'bia                        du'b
du'bias                       du'b
duble^                        dubl
dublin                        dublin
duby                          duby
ducado                        duc
duchemin                      duchemin
ducruet                       ducruet
duda                          dud
dudu                          dudu
duek                          duek
dukta                         dukt
dulce                         dulc
dumont                        dumont
dumping                       dumping
dundee                        dunde
dupla                         dupl
duplas                        dupl
duplicando                    duplic
duplicar                      duplic
duplicidade                   duplic
duplo                         dupl
duplos                        dupl
dupre'                        dupr
duque                         duqu
dura                          dur
durabilidade                  durabil
durac,a~o                     durac,a~
durado                        dur
duram                         dur
duramente                     dur
duran                         duran
durante                       durant
durantes                      durant
dura~o                        dura~
durar                         dur
duraria                       dur
duras                         dur
durava                        dur
duravam                       dur
dure                          dur
durinho                       durinh
duri'ssima                    duri'ssim
durma                         durm
duro                          dur
durou                         dur
durval                        durval
dusek                         dusek
dustin                        dustin
duti                          dut
dutos                         dut
dutra                         dutr
duvernoy                      duvernoy
duvida                        duv
du'vida                       du'v
du'vidas                      du'v
duvide                        duvid
duvidem                       duvid
duvido                        duv
duvidosa                      duvid
duvidoso                      duvid
duvidosos                     duvid
duvidou                       duvid
duzentas                      duzent
du'zia                        du'z
du'zias                       du'z
dwight                        dwight
dyat                          dyat
e                             e
e'                            e'
e^                            e^
eagle                         eagl
east                          east
eboli                         ebol
e'boli                        e'bol
ebulic,a~o                    ebulic,a~
ec,a                          ec,a
eclesia'stico                 eclesia'st
ecle'tico                     ecle't
ecletismo                     eclet
eclosa~o                      eclosa~
eclusa                        eclus
eco                           eco
ecolista                      ecol
ecologia                      ecolog
ecolo'gica                    ecolo'g
ecologicamente                ecolog
ecolo'gicas                   ecolo'g
ecolo'gico                    ecolo'g
ecolo'gicos                   ecolo'g
ecologista                    ecolog
ecologistas                   ecolog
economia                      econom
economias                     econom
economic                      economic
econo^mica                    econo^m
econo^micas                   econo^m
econo^mico                    econo^m
econo^micos                   econo^m
economista                    econom
economistas                   econom
economiza                     economiz
economizam                    economiz
economizando                  economiz
economizar                    economiz
economizo                     economiz
ecoou                         eco
ecos                          ecos
ecoturismo                    ecotur
ecoxiitas                     ecoxiit
ecstasy                       ecstasy
ecume^nicos                   ecume^n
edaival                       edaival
e'den                         e'den
eder                          eder
e'der                         e'der
edevaldo                      edevald
edgar                         edgar
edic,a~o                      edic,a~
edic,o~es                     edic,o~
edificac,o~es                 edific
edifi'cio                     edifi'ci
edifi'cios                    edifi'ci
edileusa                      edileus
edinir                        edin
edir                          edir
edison                        edison
edita                         edit
editada                       edit
editado                       edit
editados                      edit
editais                       edit
edital                        edital
editar                        edit
editava                       edit
edite                         edit
edith                         edith
editor                        editor
editora                       editor
editoras                      editor
editores                      editor
editoria                      editor
editoriais                    editori
editorial                     editorial
editorias                     editor
edivaldo                      edivald
edlich                        edlich
edlinger                      edling
edmar                         edmar
edmilson                      edmilson
edmund                        edmund
edmundo                       edmund
ednilton                      ednilton
edson                         edson
edu                           edu
eduarda                       eduard
eduardo                       eduard
eduardos                      eduard
educa'                        educ
educac,a~o                    educ
educacionais                  educacion
educacional                   educacional
educada                       educ
educadamente                  educ
educado                       educ
educador                      educ
educadora                     educ
educadores                    educ
educar                        educ
educativa                     educ
educativo                     educ
educativos                    educ
edusp                         edusp
edvar                         edvar
edward                        edward
efe                           efe
efeito                        efeit
efeitos                       efeit
efe^mera                      efe^m
efervesce^ncia                efervescent
efervescendo                  efervesc
e'fesos                       e'fes
efetiva                       efet
efetivamente                  efet
efetivo                       efet
efetivos                      efet
efetuadas                     efetu
efica'cia                     efica'c
eficaz                        eficaz
eficazes                      eficaz
eficie^ncia                   eficent
eficiente                     eficient
eficientemente                eficient
eficientes                    eficient
egberto                       egbert
egeu                          egeu
eggon                         eggon
egito                         egit
ego                           ego
egoi'smo                      egoi'sm
egoi'sta                      egoi'st
egoi'stas                     egoi'st
egon                          egon
egos                          egos
egressos                      egress
eiffel                        eiffel
eigg                          eigg
eike                          eik
einstein                      einstein
eis                           eis
eisenhower                    eisenhow
eit                           eit
eixo                          eix
eixos                         eix
ejaculac,a~o                  ejacul
ejetada                       ejet
ejetado                       ejet
el                            el
ela                           ela
elabora                       elabor
elaborac,a~o                  elabor
elaboradas                    elabor
elaborado                     elabor
elaborados                    elabor
elaborar                      elabor
elaboraram                    elabor
elaboravam                    elabor
elaboro                       elabor
elaborou                      elabor
elache                        elach
elaine                        elain
elas                          elas
ela'sticas                    ela'st
ela'stico                     ela'st
elastina                      elastin
elastoderme                   elastoderm
elba                          elba
elbrick                       elbrick
elbrus                        elbrus
elda                          elda
eldorado                      eldor
ele                           ele
electric                      electric
electronics                   electronics
elefante                      elefant
elefantes                     elefant
elega^ncia                    elega^nc
elegante                      elegant
elegantes                     elegant
eleganti'ssimo                eleganti'ssim
elege                         eleg
elegendo                      eleg
eleger                        eleg
elegeram                      eleg
elegerem                      eleg
elegessem                     eleg
elegeu                        eleg
eleic,a~o                     eleic,a~
eleic,o~es                    eleic,o~
eleita                        eleit
eleito                        eleit
eleitor                       eleitor
eleitorado                    eleitor
eleitorais                    eleitor
eleitoral                     eleitoral
eleitores                     eleitor
eleitos                       eleit
elek                          elek
elementais                    element
elemento                      element
elementos                     element
elena                         elen
elenco                        elenc
elenilda                      elenild
eleonor                       eleonor
eleoto'rio                    eleoto'ri
elephante                     elephant
eles                          eles
ele'trica                     ele'tr
ele'tricas                    ele'tr
eletricidade                  eletr
eletricista                   eletric
eletricistas                  eletric
ele'trico                     ele'tr
ele'tricos                    ele'tr
eletrizante                   eletrizant
eletro                        eletr
eletrobra's                   eletrobra's
eletrodome'sticos             eletrodome'st
eletrodos                     eletrod
eletrolipo                    eletrolip
eletromagne'tica              eletromagne't
eletromagne'ticas             eletromagne't
eletromeca^nicos              eletromeca^n
ele'tron                      ele'tron
eletro^nica                   eletro^n
eletronicamente               eletron
eletro^nicas                  eletro^n
eletro^nico                   eletro^n
eletro^nicos                  eletro^n
eletropaulo                   eletropaul
eletrosul                     eletrosul
elevac,a~o                    elev
elevadas                      elev
elevado                       elev
elevador                      elev
elevados                      elev
elevar                        elev
elevaram                      elev
elgarten                      elgarten
eli                           eli
eliachar                      eliach
eliade                        eliad
eliakim                       eliakim
eliana                        elian
eliane                        elian
elias                         eli
eliel                         eliel
elimina                       elimin
eliminac,a~o                  elimin
eliminada                     elimin
eliminado                     elimin
eliminados                    elimin
eliminando                    elimin
eliminar                      elimin
eliminaria                    elimin
eliminato'ria                 eliminato'r
eliminato'rias                eliminato'r
eliminou                      elimin
e'lio                         e'li
elioneide                     elioneid
eliot                         eliot
elisa                         elis
elisabeth                     elisabeth
elisaldo                      elisald
eli'seos                      eli's
eliseu                        elis
elite                         elit
elites                        elit
elitista                      elit
elixir                        elix
elizabetano                   elizabetan
elizabete                     elizabet
elizabeth                     elizabeth
elizeth                       elizeth
ella                          ella
elle                          elle
ellen                         ellen
eller                         eller
ellis                         ellis
ellius                        ellius
ellus                         ellus
elo                           elo
elogia                        elog
elogiada                      elogi
elogiado                      elogi
elogiam                       elog
elogiar                       elogi
elogiaram                     elogi
elogiava                      elogi
elo'gica                      elo'g
elogie                        elogi
elogio                        elogi
elogios                       elogi
elogiou                       elogi
eloneide                      eloneid
eloque^ncia                   eloquent
elpi'dio                      elpi'di
elucidar                      elucid
elucubrac,o~es                elucubr
elvis                         elvis
ely                           ely
elza                          elza
em                            em
emagracer                     emagrac
emagrec,a                     emagrec
emagrec,am                    emagrec
emagrece                      emagrec
emagrecer                     emagrec
emagreceu                     emagrec
emagreci                      emagrec
emagrecia                     emagrec
emagreciam                    emagrec
emagrecimento                 emagrec
emagrec,o                     emagrec
email                         email
emana                         eman
emanam                        eman
emancipador                   emancip
emanoel                       emanoel
emaranhado                    emaranh
emau's                        emau's
emb                           emb
embaixada                     embaix
embaixadas                    embaix
embaixador                    embaix
embaixo                       embaix
embalados                     embal
embalagem                     embalag
embalagens                    embalagens
embalam                       embal
embalava                      embal
embalo                        embal
embalou                       embal
embarac,a                     embarac
embarac,os                    embarac
embarac,osos                  embarac
embaralhando                  embaralh
embarca                       embarc
embarcac,o~es                 embarc
embarcado                     embarc
embarcados                    embarc
embarcam                      embarc
embarcamos                    embarc
embarcar                      embarc
embarcaram                    embarc
embarcaria                    embarc
embarcou                      embarc
embargada                     embarg
embargadas                    embarg
embargando                    embarg
embargar                      embarg
embargo                       embarg
embargou                      embarg
embarque                      embarqu
embarques                     embarqu
embasar                       embas
embasou                       embas
embate                        embat
embates                       embat
embebedassem                  embebed
embebido                      embeb
embelezamento                 embelez
embelezar                     embelez
embicando                     embic
emblema                       emblem
emblema'tica                  emblema't
emblema'ticas                 emblema't
emblema'tico                  emblema't
emboca                        emboc
embolado                      embol
embolia                       embol
embolsa                       embols
embolsam                      embols
embolsar                      embols
embolsarem                    embols
embolsou                      embols
embora                        embor
emboscada                     embosc
embraer                       embra
embrapa                       embrap
embratel                      embratel
embrater                      embrat
embratur                      embratur
embreagem                     embreag
embrenhou                     embrenh
embriaga                      embriag
embriagado                    embriag
embriagar                     embriag
embriague                     embriag
embriaguez                    embriaguez
embria~o                      embria~
embriologia                   embriolog
embriona'ria                  embriona'r
embriona'rias                 embriona'r
embriona'rio                  embriona'ri
embrulhada                    embrulh
embrutecidos                  embrutec
emburaca                      emburac
emburacado                    emburac
embuste                       embust
embutido                      embut
embutidos                     embut
embutir                       embut
emenda                        emend
emendo                        emend
emendou                       emend
emerge^ncia                   emergent
emergente                     emergent
emergentes                    emergent
emergindo                     emerg
emergiu                       emerg
eme'rito                      eme'rit
emerson                       emerson
e'merson                      e'merson
emfa                          emfa
emi                           emi
emidio                        emidi
emi'dio                       emi'di
emigrac,a~o                   emigr
emigrados                     emigr
emigrantes                    emigrant
emi'lio                       emi'li
eminentemente                 eminent
emirados                      emir
emissa~o                      emissa~
emissa'ria                    emissa'r
emissa'rios                   emissa'ri
emisso~es                     emisso~
emissora                      emissor
emissoras                     emissor
emissores                     emissor
emitam                        emit
emite                         emit
emitia                        emit
emitidas                      emit
emitido                       emit
emitidos                      emit
emitir                        emit
emitissem                     emit
emitiu                        emit
emma                          emma
emmanuel                      emmanuel
emmanuelle                    emmanuell
emoc,a~o                      emoc,a~
emociona                      emocion
emocionada                    emocion
emocionado                    emocion
emocionais                    emocion
emocional                     emocional
emocionalmente                emocional
emocionante                   emocionant
emocionou                     emocion
emoc,o~es                     emoc,o~
emotivamente                  emot
emparelhou                    emparelh
empatada                      empat
empatado                      empat
empatados                     empat
empatam                       empat
empatar                       empat
empatia                       empat
empatou                       empat
empedernido                   empedern
empenha                       empenh
empenhado                     empenh
empenhados                    empenh
empenhando                    empenh
empenhar                      empenh
empenho                       empenh
emperrado                     emperr
emperram                      emperr
empertigado                   empertig
empetecando                   empetec
empilhada                     empilh
empilhadeira                  empilhadeir
empilhar                      empilh
empiricamente                 empir
empi'rico                     empi'r
emplacam                      emplac
emplacou                      emplac
emplaque                      emplaqu
empoado                       empo
empobrece                     empobrec
empoeiradas                   empoeir
empoeirado                    empoeir
empoeirados                   empoeir
empolga                       empolg
empolgac,a~o                  empolg
empolgados                    empolg
empolgam                      empolg
empolgante                    empolgant
empolgantes                   empolgant
empolgou                      empolg
emporio                       empori
empo'rio                      empo'ri
empossado                     emposs
empreendedor                  empreendedor
empreendedores                empreendedor
empreendendo                  empreend
empreender                    empreend
empreendeu                    empreend
empreendimento                empreend
empreendimentos               empreend
emprega                       empreg
empregabilidade               empreg
empregada                     empreg
empregadas                    empreg
empregado                     empreg
empregador                    empreg
empregadores                  empreg
empregados                    empreg
empregam                      empreg
empregar                      empreg
empregati'cio                 empregati'ci
empregava                     empreg
emprego                       empreg
empregos                      empreg
empregou                      empreg
empreitada                    empreit
empreitadas                   empreit
empreiteira                   empreiteir
empreiteiras                  empreiteir
empresa                       empres
empresa'ria                   empresa'r
empresariado                  empresari
empresariais                  empresari
empresarial                   empresarial
empresa'rias                  empresa'r
empresa'rio                   empresa'ri
empresa'rios                  empresa'ri
empresas                      empres
empresta                      emprest
emprestada                    emprest
emprestado                    emprest
emprestados                   emprest
emprestar                     emprest
empre'stimo                   empre'stim
empre'stimos                  empre'st
emprestou                     emprest
empulhac,a~o                  empulh
empunha                       empunh
empunhar                      empunh
empunhou                      empunh
empurra                       empurr
empurra'                      empurr
empurrada                     empurr
empurradas                    empurr
empurrado                     empurr
empurradores                  empurr
empurrados                    empurr
empurrando                    empurr
empurra~o                     empurra~
empurra~ozinho                empurra~ozinh
empurrar                      empurr
empurraram                    empurr
empurroterapia                empurroterap
empurrou                      empurr
empuxo                        empux
emulavam                      emul
emulso~es                     emulso~
en                            en
enaltecem                     enaltec
enamorado                     enamor
encabec,ado                   encabec
encabec,am                    encabec
encabec,assem                 encabec
encabec,ou                    encabec
encabulado                    encabul
encaixa                       encaix
encaixadas                    encaix
encaixam                      encaix
encaixar                      encaix
encaixaria                    encaix
encaixava                     encaix
encaixe                       encaix
encaixem                      encaix
encaixotador                  encaixot
encalhadas                    encalh
encaminha                     encaminh
encaminhadas                  encaminh
encaminhado                   encaminh
encaminhados                  encaminh
encaminhamento                encaminh
encaminhamos                  encaminh
encaminhar                    encaminh
encaminharam                  encaminh
encaminhasse                  encaminh
encaminhou                    encaminh
encampada                     encamp
encanada                      encan
encanar                       encan
encanta                       encant
encantada                     encant
encantadas                    encant
encantado                     encant
encantadora                   encant
encantados                    encant
encante                       encant
encantei                      encant
encanto                       encant
encantou                      encant
encapo                        encap
encara                        encar
encara'                       encar
encarada                      encar
encaradas                     encar
encarado                      encar
encarados                     encar
encaram                       encar
encarando                     encar
encarapitadas                 encarapit
encarapitados                 encarapit
encarar                       encar
encarariam                    encar
encarceradores                encarcer
encarcerados                  encarcer
encarceramento                encarcer
encarcerar                    encarcer
encarcerou                    encarcer
encarece                      encarec
encareceu                     encarec
encarem                       encar
encaremos                     encar
encargos                      encarg
encarnado                     encarn
encarnar                      encarn
encarnava                     encarn
encarnou                      encarn
encaro                        encar
encarou                       encar
encarrega                     encarreg
encarregada                   encarreg
encarregadas                  encarreg
encarregado                   encarreg
encarregados                  encarreg
encarregam                    encarreg
encarregou                    encarreg
encarta                       encart
encastelados                  encastel
encefa'lico                   encefa'l
encenac,a~o                   encen
encenado                      encen
encerra                       encerr
encerrada                     encerr
encerradas                    encerr
encerrado                     encerr
encerramento                  encerr
encerrando                    encerr
encerrar                      encerr
encerrara'                    encerr
encerraram                    encerr
encerro                       encerr
encerrou                      encerr
encharcado                    encharc
enchem                        enchem
enchendo                      enchend
enchente                      enchent
enchentes                     enchent
encher                        encher
encheu                        encheu
enchi                         enchi
enchia                        enchi
enchimento                    enchiment
enciclope'dia                 enciclope'd
enciclope'dias                enciclope'd
enciclope'dica                enciclope'd
enciclope'ias                 enciclop
enclausura                    enclausur
enclausurada                  enclausur
enclave                       enclav
encobertas                    encobert
encobre                       encobr
encobrir                      encobr
encobriram                    encobr
encol                         encol
encolhem                      encolh
encolhesse                    encolh
encolhida                     encolh
encomenda                     encomend
encomendada                   encomend
encomendadas                  encomend
encomendado                   encomend
encomendar                    encomend
encomendas                    encomend
encomendei                    encomend
encomendou                    encomend
encontra                      encontr
encontra'                     encontr
encontrada                    encontr
encontradas                   encontr
encontrado                    encontr
encontrados                   encontr
encontram                     encontr
encontramos                   encontr
encontrando                   encontr
encontrar                     encontr
encontrara'                   encontr
encontraram                   encontr
encontrarem                   encontr
encontrasse                   encontr
encontrava                    encontr
encontre                      encontr
encontrei                     encontr
encontro                      encontr
encontros                     encontr
encontrou                     encontr
encorajadas                   encoraj
encorajaram                   encoraj
encorpado                     encorp
encorpados                    encorp
encostado                     encost
encostados                    encost
encostar                      encost
encosto                       encost
encravada                     encrav
encravadas                    encrav
encravado                     encrav
encravados                    encrav
encrenca                      encrenc
encrencas                     encrenc
encrespados                   encresp
encruzilhadas                 encruzilh
encurralada                   encurral
encurralado                   encurral
encurtamento                  encurt
encurtar                      encurt
encurtou                      encurt
end                           end
ende^mica                     ende^m
ender                         ender
enderec,ada                   enderec
enderec,o                     enderec
enderec,os                    enderec
endinheirado                  endinheir
endinheirados                 endinheir
endividada                    endivid
endividadas                   endivid
endividamento                 endivid
endividando                   endivid
endocrinologia                endocrinolog
endocrinologista              endocrinolog
endocrinologistas             endocrinolog
endome'trio                   endome'tri
endometriose                  endometrios
endorfina                     endorfin
endoscopia                    endoscop
endossa                       endoss
endossado                     endoss
endress                       endress
eneide                        eneid
energe'tica                   energe't
energe'ticas                  energe't
energe'tico                   energe't
energia                       energ
energias                      energ
ene'rgicas                    ene'rg
energiza                      energiz
energizac,a~o                 energiz
energizac,o~es                energiz
energizado                    energiz
eneu                          eneu
enfadonho                     enfadonh
enfant                        enfant
enfarta                       enfart
enfartado                     enfart
e^nfase                       e^nfas
enfa'tico                     enfa't
enfatiza                      enfatiz
enfatizados                   enfatiz
enfatizar                     enfatiz
enfatizo                      enfatiz
enfatizou                     enfatiz
enfeita                       enfeit
enfeitada                     enfeit
enfeitar                      enfeit
enfeite                       enfeit
enfeites                      enfeit
enfeitic,ado                  enfeitic
enfermas                      enferm
enfermeira                    enfermeir
enfermeiras                   enfermeir
enfermeiros                   enfermeir
enfermidade                   enferm
enfermidades                  enferm
enferrujadas                  enferruj
enfia                         enfi
enfiam                        enfi
enfiar                        enfi
enfileira'                    enfil
enfileirados                  enfileir
enfim                         enfim
enfiou                        enfi
enfisema                      enfisem
enfocando                     enfoc
enfocou                       enfoc
enfoque                       enfoqu
enforcado                     enforc
enforcou                      enforc
enfraquecem                   enfraquec
enfraquecendo                 enfraquec
enfraquecimento               enfraquec
enfrenta                      enfrent
enfrentada                    enfrent
enfrentado                    enfrent
enfrentam                     enfrent
enfrentamos                   enfrent
enfrentando                   enfrent
enfrentar                     enfrent
enfrentara'                   enfrent
enfrentaram                   enfrent
enfrentarmos                  enfrent
enfrentava                    enfrent
enfrente                      enfrent
enfrentei                     enfrent
enfrento                      enfrent
enfrentou                     enfrent
enfurecer                     enfurec
engabelar                     engabel
engajadas                     engaj
engajado                      engaj
engajados                     engaj
engajamento                   engaj
engajamentos                  engaj
engajou                       engaj
engalfinham                   engalfinh
engalfinhar                   engalfinh
engana                        engan
enganac,a~o                   engan
enganada                      engan
enganados                     engan
engano                        engan
enganosa                      engan
enganou                       engan
engarrafa                     engarraf
engarrafadas                  engarraf
engarrafado                   engarraf
engarrafados                  engarraf
engarrafamento                engarraf
engarrafamentos               engarraf
engasga                       engasg
engatado                      engat
engatinhando                  engatinh
engatinhava                   engatinh
engendrar                     engendr
engenharia                    engenh
engenheira                    engenheir
engenheiro                    engenheir
engenheiros                   engenheir
engenho                       engenh
engenhocas                    engenhoc
engenhosidade                 engenhos
engenhoso                     engenh
england                       england
engloba                       englob
englobam                      englob
englobara'                    englob
engolido                      engol
engolidos                     engol
engolir                       engol
engoliram                     engol
engoliu                       engol
engomadinho                   engomadinh
engorda                       engord
engordado                     engord
engordam                      engord
engordando                    engord
engordar                      engord
engordarem                    engord
engordava                     engord
engordavam                    engord
engordei                      engord
engordo                       engord
engordou                      engord
engrac,ada                    engrac
engrac,adas                   engrac
engrac,adi'ssima              engrac,adi'ssim
engrac,adi'ssimo              engrac,adi'ssim
engrac,ado                    engrac
engrandecer                   engrandec
engrandecido                  engrandec
engravatados                  engravat
engravidar                    engravid
engravidaram                  engravid
engravidei                    engravid
engravidou                    engravid
engraxate                     engraxat
engrenagem                    engrenag
engrenagens                   engrenagens
engrenar                      engren
engrossa                      engross
enguic,ado                    enguic
engulo                        engul
enigma                        enigm
enigmas                       enigm
enigma'tico                   enigma't
enjoada                       enjo
enjo^o                        enjo^
enlace                        enlac
enlouquece                    enlouquec
enlouquecer                   enlouquec
enlouqueceram                 enlouquec
enlouqueceu                   enlouquec
enlouqueciam                  enlouquec
enlouquecido                  enlouquec
enobrece                      enobrec
enola                         enol
eno'logo                      eno'log
enorme                        enorm
enormemente                   enorm
enormes                       enorm
enough                        enough
enquadra                      enquadr
enquadradas                   enquadr
enquadrar                     enquadr
enquadrou                     enquadr
enquanto                      enquant
enquete                       enquet
enraivecessem                 enraivec
enrascada                     enrasc
enredo                        enred
enredos                       enred
enriquece                     enriquec
enriquecer                    enriquec
enriqueceram                  enriquec
enriqueceu                    enriquec
enriquecido                   enriquec
enrolada                      enrol
enrolado                      enrol
enrolar                       enrol
enrolaram                     enrol
enroscado                     enrosc
enroscando                    enrosc
enrustido                     enrust
enrustidos                    enrust
ensaiar                       ensai
ensaiaram                     ensai
ensaiava                      ensai
ensaio                        ensai
ensaios                       ensai
ensaiou                       ensai
ensai'smo                     ensai'sm
ensai'sta                     ensai'st
ensai'stas                    ensai'st
ensangu"entado                ensangu"ent
ensina                        ensin
ensina'                       ensin
ensinam                       ensin
ensinamentos                  ensin
ensinamos                     ensin
ensinando                     ensin
ensinar                       ensin
ensinavam                     ensin
ensino                        ensin
ensinou                       ensin
ensolarado                    ensolar
ensurdecedor                  ensurdecedor
ensurdecedora                 ensurdecedor
entalar                       ental
entanto                       entant
enta~o                        enta~
entardecer                    entardec
ente                          ente
entediante                    entediant
entenda                       entend
entende                       entend
entende^                      entend
entendedor                    entendedor
entendem                      entend
entendemos                    entend
entendendo                    entend
entender                      entend
entenderam                    entend
entendera~o                   entend
entenderem                    entend
entenderia                    entend
entenderiam                   entend
entendesse                    entend
entendeu                      entend
entendi                       entend
entendia                      entend
entendiadas                   entendi
entendi'amos                  entend
entendida                     entend
entendido                     entend
entendidos                    entend
entendimento                  entend
entendo                       entend
enterprise                    enterpris
enterrado                     enterr
enterrados                    enterr
enterrar                      enterr
enterraria                    enterr
enterro                       enterr
enterros                      enterr
entidade                      entidad
entidades                     entidad
entoa                         ento
entoado                       ento
entoam                        ento
entoando                      ento
entoar                        ento
entonac,a~o                   enton
entope                        entop
entopem                       entop
entorno                       entorn
entorpecente                  entorpecent
entorpecentes                 entorpecent
entorpecido                   entorpec
entortado                     entort
entortava                     entort
entra                         entra
entrada                       entrad
entrado                       entrad
entram                        entram
entramos                      entram
entrando                      entrand
entranhas                     entranh
entrar                        entrar
entrara'                      entrar
entraram                      entrar
entraremos                    entrar
entraria                      entrar
entrariam                     entrar
entrarmos                     entrarm
entrassem                     entrass
entrava                       entrav
entravam                      entrav
entraves                      entrav
entre                         entre
entrecortado                  entrecort
entrega                       entreg
entrega'                      entreg
entregado                     entreg
entregador                    entreg
entregadores                  entreg
entregam                      entreg
entregando                    entreg
entregar                      entreg
entregaram                    entreg
entregas                      entreg
entregasse                    entreg
entregou                      entreg
entregue                      entreg
entreguei                     entregu
entregues                     entregu
entrei                        entre
entrem                        entrem
entrepostos                   entrepost
entretanto                    entretant
entretenimento                entreten
entrevista                    entrev
entrevista'                   entrevist
entrevistadas                 entrevist
entrevistado                  entrevist
entrevistador                 entrevist
entrevistados                 entrevist
entrevistar                   entrevist
entrevistas                   entrev
entrevistou                   entrevist
entrincheirados               entrincheir
entristece                    entristec
entristeceu                   entristec
entro                         entro
entroncamentos                entronc
entrosou                      entros
entrou                        entrou
entulhados                    entulh
entulhos                      entulh
entupi                        entup
entupida                      entup
entupido                      entup
entupimento                   entup
entupindo                     entup
entupir                       entup
entupiram                     entup
entusiasma                    entusiasm
entusiasmada                  entusiasm
entusiasmado                  entusiasm
entusiasmo                    entusiasm
entusiasmou                   entusiasm
entusiasta                    entusiast
enumera                       enum
enunciando                    enunc
envelhec,am                   envelhec
envelhece                     envelhec
envelhecem                    envelhec
envelhecer                    envelhec
envelheceram                  envelhec
envelhecida                   envelhec
envelhecidos                  envelhec
envelhecimento                envelhec
envelhec,o                    envelhec
envelope                      envelop
envenenaram                   envenen
envenenou                     envenen
envergonhado                  envergonh
envergonham                   envergonh
envergonhem                   envergonh
envia                         envi
enviada                       envi
enviado                       envi
enviando                      envi
enviar                        envi
envidrac,ada                  envidrac
enviei                        envi
enviesados                    envies
envio                         envi
enviou                        envi
envira                        envir
envoltos                      envolt
envolve                       envolv
envolvem                      envolv
envolvendo                    envolv
envolver                      envolv
envolveram                    envolv
envolveu                      envolv
envolvia                      envolv
envolviam                     envolv
envolvida                     envolv
envolvidas                    envolv
envolvido                     envolv
envolvidos                    envolv
envolvimento                  envolv
enxada                        enxad
enxaqueca                     enxaquec
enxerga                       enxerg
enxergam                      enxerg
enxergando                    enxerg
enxergar                      enxerg
enxergarem                    enxerg
enxerto                       enxert
enxugamento                   enxug
enxugamos                     enxug
enxugasse                     enxug
enxurrada                     enxurr
enxuta                        enxut
enxutas                       enxut
eny                           eny
enya                          enya
enzima                        enzim
epcot                         epcot
epega                         epeg
epelman                       epelman
ephige^nia                    ephige^n
epi                           epi
epicentro                     epicentr
e'picos                       e'pic
epidemia                      epidem
epifania                      epifan
episo'dio                     episo'di
episo'dios                    episo'di
epiteliais                    epiteli
epi'teto                      epi'tet
epoca                         epoc
e'poca                        e'poc
e'pocas                       e'poc
epope'ia                      epop
epope'ias                     epop
equac,a~o                     equac,a~
equador                       equador
equalizador                   equaliz
equatorial                    equatorial
equilibra                     equilibr
equilibra'                    equilibr
equilibrada                   equilibr
equilibradas                  equilibr
equilibrados                  equilibr
equilibrar                    equilibr
equili'brio                   equili'bri
equimoses                     equimos
equino'cio                    equino'ci
equino'cios                   equino'ci
equipadas                     equip
equipado                      equip
equipados                     equip
equipamento                   equip
equipamentos                  equip
equipe                        equip
equipes                       equip
equipou                       equip
equ"itativa                   equ"it
equity                        equity
equivale                      equival
equivale^ncia                 equivalent
equivalente                   equivalent
equivalentes                  equivalent
equivaler                     equival
equivaleria                   equival
equivalia                     equival
equivocada                    equivoc
equivocadas                   equivoc
equivocados                   equivoc
equi'voco                     equi'voc
equi'vocos                    equi'voc
era                           era
eram                          eram
e'ramos                       e'ram
era'rio                       era'ri
eras                          eras
erec,a~o                      erec,a~
eremita                       eremit
ergome'trica                  ergome'tr
ergue^                        ergu
erguendo                      ergu
erguer                        ergu
ergueram                      ergu
ergueu                        ergu
erguida                       ergu
erguido                       ergu
eric                          eric
erica                         eric
erich                         erich
eris                          eris
erisvalda                     erisvald
erkki                         erkki
ermelino                      ermelin
ermi'rio                      ermi'ri
ermo                          ermo
ermos                         ermos
ernesto                       ernest
eron                          eron
eronivaldo                    eronivald
eros                          eros
erosa~o                       erosa~
ero'tica                      ero't
ero'ticas                     ero't
ero'tico                      ero't
ero'ticos                     ero't
erotildes                     erotild
erotismo                      erot
erotizac,a~o                  erotiz
erotizada                     erotiz
erra                          erra
errada                        errad
erradas                       errad
erradicac,a~o                 erradic
erradicar                     erradic
errado                        errad
errados                       errad
erramos                       erram
errante                       errant
errar                         errar
erraram                       errar
errei                         erre
errinho                       errinh
erro                          erro
erroneamente                  erron
erros                         erros
errou                         errou
eruditas                      erudit
erudito                       erudit
erundina                      erundin
erupc,o~es                    erupc,o~
erva                          erva
ervas                         ervas
ervilha                       ervilh
es                            es
esa                           esa
esau'                         esau'
esbaforido                    esbafor
esbanja                       esbanj
esbarra                       esbarr
esbarram                      esbarr
esbarrando                    esbarr
esbarrou                      esbarr
esbelta                       esbelt
esbeltos                      esbelt
esboc,a                       esboc
esboc,ada                     esboc
esboc,ava                     esboc
esboc,o                       esboc
esboc,os                      esboc
esboc,ou                      esboc
esborrachou                   esborrach
esbugalhados                  esbugalh
escabroso                     escabr
escadarias                    escad
escadas                       escad
escafandro                    escafandr
escafedeu                     escafed
escala                        escal
escala'                       escal
escalada                      escal
escaladas                     escal
escalado                      escal
escalador                     escal
escalam                       escal
escalante                     escalant
escala~o                      escala~
escalar                       escal
escalas                       escal
escalava                      escal
escaldante                    escaldant
escalou                       escal
escancara                     escanc
escancarada                   escancar
escancaradas                  escancar
escancarou                    escancar
escandalizando                escandaliz
escandalizou                  escandaliz
esca^ndalo                    esca^ndal
esca^ndalos                   esca^ndal
escandalosamente              escandal
escandina'via                 escandina'v
escanteio                     escantei
escapa                        escap
escapadas                     escap
escapado                      escap
escapam                       escap
escapar                       escap
escapariam                    escap
escapavam                     escap
escape                        escap
escapou                       escap
escapular                     escapul
escaramuc,as                  escaramuc
escarpas                      escarp
escassa                       escass
escassez                      escassez
escasso                       escass
escassos                      escass
escatolo'gica                 escatolo'g
escavac,o~es                  escav
escavadas                     escav
escavadeira                   escavadeir
esclarec,a                    esclarec
esclarece                     esclarec
esclarecedor                  esclarecedor
esclarecedora                 esclarecedor
esclarecem                    esclarec
esclarecer                    esclarec
esclareceu                    esclarec
esclarecida                   esclarec
esclarecido                   esclarec
esclarecidos                  esclarec
esclarecimento                esclarec
esclerosadas                  escleros
esclerose                     escleros
escoados                      esco
escoamento                    escoament
escoar                        esco
escobar                       escob
escoce^s                      escoce^s
esco'cia                      esco'c
escola                        escol
escoladas                     escol
escolar                       escol
escolares                     escol
escolaridade                  escolar
escolas                       escol
escola'stica                  escola'st
escolha                       escolh
escolhas                      escolh
escolhe                       escolh
escolhe^                      escolh
escolhem                      escolh
escolhendo                    escolh
escolher                      escolh
escolherem                    escolh
escolheria                    escolh
escolheriam                   escolh
escolheu                      escolh
escolhi                       escolh
escolhida                     escolh
escolhidas                    escolh
escolhido                     escolh
escolhidos                    escolh
escolho                       escolh
escolinha                     escolinh
escoliose                     escolios
escolta                       escolt
escoltada                     escolt
esconde                       escond
escondem                      escond
escondemos                    escond
escondendo                    escond
esconder                      escond
escondera                     escond
escondeu                      escond
escondia                      escond
escondiam                     escond
escondida                     escond
escondidas                    escond
escondido                     escond
escondidos                    escond
escondo                       escond
escorar                       escor
escorbuto                     escorbut
escoriac,o~es                 escori
escorpia~o                    escorpia~
escort                        escort
esco'ssia                     esco'ss
escova                        escov
escovar                       escov
escovas                       escov
escrachada                    escrach
escrava                       escrav
escravatura                   escravatur
escravida~o                   escravida~
escravo                       escrav
escravos                      escrav
escreve                       escrev
escrevem                      escrev
escrevendo                    escrev
escreventes                   escrevent
escrever                      escrev
escreveram                    escrev
escreveria                    escrev
escrevesse                    escrev
escreveu                      escrev
escrevi                       escrev
escrevia                      escrev
escreviam                     escrev
escrevo                       escrev
escrita                       escrit
escritas                      escrit
escrito                       escrit
escritor                      escritor
escritora                     escritor
escritores                    escritor
escrito'rio                   escrito'ri
escrito'rios                  escrito'ri
escritos                      escrit
escritura                     escritur
escritura'rio                 escritura'ri
escrituras                    escritur
escriva~o                     escriva~
escru'pulo                    escru'pul
escru'pulos                   escru'pul
escruti'nio                   escruti'ni
escudado                      escud
escudeira                     escudeir
escudeiro                     escudeir
escudo                        escud
esculacho                     esculach
esculhambar                   esculhamb
escultor                      escultor
escultura                     escultur
esculturas                    escultur
escura                        escur
escuras                       escur
escurecendo                   escurec
escurida~o                    escurida~
escuro                        escur
escuros                       escur
escuta                        escut
escutam                       escut
escutando                     escut
escutar                       escut
escutava                      escut
esdras                        esdras
esdru'xula                    esdru'xul
esdru'xulas                   esdru'xul
esfaqueada                    esfaqu
esfarrapada                   esfarrap
esfarrapados                  esfarrap
esfera                        esfer
esferas                       esfer
esfe'rico                     esfe'r
esfolar                       esfol
esfolem                       esfol
esfoliantes                   esfoliant
esforc,ado                    esforc
esforc,am                     esforc
esforc,ar                     esforc
esforc,ava                    esforc
esforce                       esforc
esforc,o                      esforc
esforc,os                     esforc
esforc,ou                     esforc
esfriando                     esfri
esgarc,ada                    esgarc
esgazeado                     esgaz
esgota'                       esgot
esgotada                      esgot
esgotadas                     esgot
esgotado                      esgot
esgotam                       esgot
esgotamento                   esgot
esgotarem                     esgot
esgotem                       esgot
esgoto                        esgot
esgotou                       esgot
esgrime                       esgrim
esgueirando                   esgueir
esmaecer                      esmaec
esmaga                        esmag
esmagada                      esmag
esmagadora                    esmag
esmagamento                   esmag
esmalte                       esmalt
esmaltes                      esmalt
esmerado                      esmer
esmerilhada                   esmerilh
esmero                        esmer
esmigalhados                  esmigalh
esmola                        esmol
esmolas                       esmol
esmorece                      esmorec
esnobe                        esnob
esnobes                       esnob
eso^fago                      eso^fag
esote'ricas                   esote'r
espaciais                     espac
espacial                      espacial
espac,o                       espac
espac,os                      espac
espac,osa                     espac
espac,oso                     espac
espadim                       espadim
espaldar                      espald
espalha                       espalh
espalhada                     espalh
espalhadas                    espalh
espalhado                     espalh
espalhados                    espalh
espalhafatosa                 espalhafat
espalhafatosas                espalhafat
espalham                      espalh
espalhando                    espalh
espalhar                      espalh
espalhou                      espalh
espanca                       espanc
espanca'                      espanc
espancada                     espanc
espancado                     espanc
espanha                       espanh
espanhas                      espanh
espanho'is                    espanho'
espanhol                      espanhol
espanhola                     espanhol
espanta                       espant
espantada                     espant
espantadas                    espant
espantado                     espant
espantam                      espant
espanto                       espant
espantosa                     espant
espantoso                     espant
espantosos                    espant
espantou                      espant
esparsas                      espars
esparsos                      espars
espartana                     espartan
espartanas                    espartan
espasmos                      espasm
espatifaram                   espatif
espatifou                     espatif
espa'tulas                    espa'tul
especiais                     espec
especial                      especial
especialidade                 especial
especialista                  especial
especialistas                 especial
especializac,a~o              especializ
especializac,o~es             especializ
especializada                 especializ
especializadas                especializ
especializado                 especializ
especializados                especializ
especializando                especializ
especializou                  especializ
especialmente                 especial
especiarias                   espec
espe'cie                      espe'c
espe'cies                     espe'c
especi'fica                   especi'f
especificac,o~es              especific
especificada                  especific
especificamente               especif
especificar                   especific
especi'ficas                  especi'f
especi'fico                   especi'f
especi'ficos                  especi'f
espe'cime                     espe'cim
espe'cimes                    espe'cim
espectador                    espect
espectadora                   espect
espectadores                  espect
espectro                      espectr
especula                      especul
especulac,a~o                 especul
especulac,o~es                especul
especuladores                 especul
especulando                   especul
especular                     especul
especulativa                  especul
espelha                       espelh
espelhar                      espelh
espelho                       espelh
espelhos                      espelh
espera                        esper
esperada                      esper
esperadas                     esper
esperado                      esper
esperados                     esper
esperam                       esper
esperamos                     esper
esperanc,a                    esperanc
esperanc,as                   esperanc
esperanc,osa                  esperanc
esperando                     esper
esperar                       esper
esperas                       esper
esperava                      esper
esperavam                     esper
espera'vamos                  esper
espere                        esper
esperidia~o                   esperidia~
esperma                       esperm
espermatozo'ides              espermatozo'id
espermograma                  espermogram
espermogramas                 espermogram
espermo'polis                 espermo'pol
espero                        esper
esperou                       esper
esperta                       espert
espertalho~es                 espertalho~
espertamente                  espert
esperteza                     espert
esperto                       espert
espertos                      espert
espessa                       espess
espeta                        espet
espetacular                   espetacul
espetaculares                 espetacul
espetacularmente              espetacular
espeta'culo                   espeta'cul
espeta'culos                  espeta'cul
espetado                      espet
espia~                        espia~
espiando                      espi
espia~o                       espia~
espiar                        espi
espinha                       espinh
espinhas                      espinh
espinhentos                   espinhent
espinhosa                     espinh
espinhosas                    espinh
espio~es                      espio~
espionagem                    espionag
espionar                      espion
espiral                       espiral
espi'ritas                    espi'rit
espi'rito                     espi'rit
espi'ritos                    espi'rit
espirituais                   espiritu
espiritual                    espiritual
espiritualmente               espiritual
espirro                       espirr
esplanada                     esplan
esple^ndida                   esple^nd
esple^ndido                   esple^nd
esplendor                     esplendor
espn                          espn
espocaram                     espoc
espoliac,a~o                  espoli
espo'lio                      espo'li
esponta^nea                   esponta^n
espontaneamente               espontan
espontaneidade                espontan
esponta^neo                   esponta^n
esporte                       esport
esportes                      esport
esportista                    esport
esportistas                   esport
esportiva                     esport
esportivas                    esport
esportivo                     esport
esportivos                    esport
esposa                        espos
esposas                       espos
esposo                        espos
espreguic,ando                espreguic
espreita                      espreit
espreme                       esprem
espremer                      esprem
espremeram                    esprem
espremida                     esprem
espremido                     esprem
espresso                      espress
espuma                        espum
espumante                     espumant
esq                           esq
esquadra                      esquadr
esquadrias                    esquadr
esquadrilha                   esquadrilh
esquadrinhar                  esquadrinh
esqua'lidas                   esqua'l
esquec,a                      esquec
esquece                       esquec
esquece^                      esquec
esquecem                      esquec
esquecemos                    esquec
esquecendo                    esquec
esquecer                      esquec
esqueceram                    esquec
esqueceria                    esquec
esquecermos                   esquec
esquecesse                    esquec
esqueceu                      esquec
esqueci                       esquec
esquecia                      esquec
esqueciam                     esquec
esquecida                     esquec
esquecidas                    esquec
esquecido                     esquec
esquecidos                    esquec
esqueda                       esqued
esquedo                       esqued
esqueleto                     esquelet
esqueletos                    esquelet
esquema                       esquem
esquemas                      esquem
esquenta                      esquent
esquentam                     esquent
esquentar                     esquent
esquentei                     esquent
esquentou                     esquent
esquerda                      esquerd
esquerdista                   esquerd
esquerdistas                  esquerd
esquerdo                      esquerd
esquetes                      esquet
esqui                         esqu
esquiador                     esquiador
esquiadores                   esquiador
esquiar                       esqui
esquina                       esquin
esquinas                      esquin
esquire                       esquir
esquisitas                    esquisit
esquisitices                  esquisitic
esquisito                     esquisit
esquisitos                    esquisit
esquistossomose               esquistossomos
esquiva                       esquiv
esquivar                      esquiv
esquivou                      esquiv
esquizofrenia                 esquizofren
esquizofre^nico               esquizofre^n
essa                          essa
essas                         essas
esse                          esse
esse^ncia                     esse^nc
essenciais                    essenc
essencial                     essencial
esse^ncias                    esse^nc
esses                         esses
esso                          esso
esta                          esta
esta'                         esta'
estabelece                    estabelec
estabelecem                   estabelec
estabelecer                   estabelec
estabeleceram                 estabelec
estabeleceu                   estabelec
estabelecia                   estabelec
estabelecida                  estabelec
estabelecidas                 estabelec
estabelecido                  estabelec
estabelecidos                 estabelec
estabelecimento               estabelec
estabelecimentos              estabelec
estabilidade                  estabil
estabiliza                    estabiliz
estabilizac,a~o               estabiliz
estabilizada                  estabiliz
estabilizadas                 estabiliz
estabilizado                  estabiliz
estabilizar                   estabiliz
estabilizou                   estabiliz
establishment                 establishment
estaca                        estac
estac,a~o                     estac,a~
estacas                       estac
estaciona                     estacion
estaciona'                    estacion
estacionado                   estacion
estacionamento                estacion
estacionamentos               estacion
estacionando                  estacion
estacionar                    estacion
estacionou                    estacion
estac,o~es                    estac,o~
estada                        estad
esta'dio                      esta'di
esta'dios                     esta'di
estadistas                    estad
estado                        estad
estados                       estad
estaduais                     estadu
estadual                      estadual
estafa                        estaf
estafante                     estafant
esta'gio                      esta'gi
esta'gios                     esta'gi
estagnac,a~o                  estagn
estagnada                     estagn
estagnadas                    estagn
estagnado                     estagn
estala                        estal
estalado                      estal
estalinho                     estalinh
estamos                       estam
estampada                     estamp
estampado                     estamp
estampados                    estamp
estampam                      estamp
estampas                      estamp
estampava                     estamp
estancamento                  estanc
estande                       estand
estandes                      estand
estando                       estand
estante                       estant
esta~o                        esta~
estar                         estar
estara'                       estar
estara~o                      estara~
estardalhac,o                 estardalhac
estarei                       estar
estarem                       estar
estaremos                     estar
estaria                       estar
estariam                      estar
estari'amos                   estar
estarrecedor                  estarrecedor
estarrecido                   estarrec
estas                         estas
estatais                      estat
estatal                       estatal
estatelar                     estatel
estatelou                     estatel
esta'tica                     esta't
estatismo                     estat
estati'stica                  estati'st
estati'sticas                 estati'st
estati'stico                  estati'st
estati'sticos                 estati'st
esta'tua                      esta'tu
estatura                      estatur
estatuto                      estatut
estava                        estav
estavam                       estav
esta'vamos                    esta'v
esta'veis                     esta'v
esta'vel                      esta'vel
este                          este
este'e                        este'
estefani                      estefan
esteira                       esteir
esteiras                      esteir
esteja                        estej
estejam                       estej
estela                        estel
estelares                     estel
estelionata'rios              estelionata'ri
estelionato                   estelionat
estende                       estend
estendem                      estend
estendendo                    estend
estender                      estend
estendera'                    estend
estenderam                    estend
estendia                      estend
estendida                     estend
estendido                     estend
este^nio                      este^ni
estepe                        estep
estepes                       estep
ester                         ester
este'reis                     este'r
estereofonizou                estereofoniz
estereotipada                 estereotip
estereo'tipo                  estereo'tip
estereo'tipos                 estereo'tip
este'ril                      este'ril
esterilidade                  esteril
esterilizar                   esteriliz
esterlina                     esterlin
estero'ide                    estero'id
esterzinha                    esterzinh
estes                         estes
este'tica                     este't
esteticamente                 estet
este'tico                     este't
este'ticos                    este't
estevam                       estev
esteva~o                      esteva~
esteve                        estev
esteves                       estev
estevez                       estevez
esther                        esther
estherzinha                   estherzinh
esticada                      estic
esticadas                     estic
esticar                       estic
estico                        estic
estigma                       estigm
estigmatizada                 estigmatiz
estilhac,os                   estilhac
estilingue                    estiling
estilista                     estil
estilistas                    estil
estilo                        estil
estilos                       estil
estima                        estim
estimac,a~o                   estim
estimada                      estim
estimado                      estim
estimados                     estim
estimam                       estim
estimara                      estim
estimativa                    estim
estimativas                   estim
estimavam                     estim
estimula                      estimul
estimula'                     estimul
estimulac,a~o                 estimul
estimulada                    estimul
estimuladas                   estimul
estimulado                    estimul
estimulador                   estimul
estimulados                   estimul
estimulam                     estimul
estimulando                   estimul
estimular                     estimul
estimule                      estimul
esti'mulo                     esti'mul
esti'mulos                    esti'mul
estimulou                     estimul
estipula                      estipul
estipulada                    estipul
estipulado                    estipul
estipular                     estipul
estiramento                   estir
estirpe                       estirp
estivador                     estiv
estivas                       estiv
estive                        estiv
estivemos                     estiv
estiver                       estiv
estiveram                     estiv
estiverem                     estiv
estivermos                    estiv
estivesse                     estiv
estivessem                    estiv
estive'ssemos                 estive'ss
estocadas                     estoc
estocados                     estoc
estocagem                     estocag
estojo                        estoj
estomacal                     estomacal
esto^mago                     esto^mag
estonteante                   estonteant
estonteantes                  estonteant
estopim                       estopim
estoque                       estoqu
estoques                      estoqu
esto'rias                     esto'r
estorvo                       estorv
estou                         estou
estoura                       estour
estourado                     estour
estourar                      estour
estouro                       estour
estourou                      estour
estoy                         estoy
estrabismo                    estrab
estrada                       estrad
estradas                      estrad
estradinha                    estradinh
estrados                      estrad
estraga                       estrag
estragados                    estrag
estragam                      estrag
estragar                      estrag
estrago                       estrag
estragos                      estrag
estrangeira                   estrangeir
estrangeiras                  estrangeir
estrangeiro                   estrangeir
estrangeiros                  estrangeir
estrangulado                  estrangul
estrangularam                 estrangul
estranha                      estranh
estranham                     estranh
estranhamento                 estranh
estranhar                     estranh
estranhas                     estranh
estranheza                    estranh
estranho                      estranh
estranhos                     estranh
estranhou                     estranh
estratagemas                  estratagem
estrate'gia                   estrate'g
estrate'gias                  estrate'g
estrate'gica                  estrate'g
estrategicamente              estrateg
estrate'gicas                 estrate'g
estrate'gicos                 estrate'g
estreante                     estreant
estrear                       estre
estre'ia                      estre'
estre'iam                     estre'
estreita                      estreit
estreitamente                 estreit
estreitando                   estreit
estreitar                     estreit
estreitas                     estreit
estreito                      estreit
estreitos                     estreit
estrela                       estrel
estrelado                     estrel
estrelados                    estrel
estrelar                      estrel
estrelas                      estrel
estrelato                     estrelat
estrelismos                   estrel
estremeciam                   estremec
estreou                       estre
estrepem                      estrep
estressa                      estress
estressada                    estress
estressadas                   estress
estressado                    estress
estressante                   estressant
estressantes                  estressant
estresse                      estress
estria                        estri
estrias                       estri
estridentes                   estrident
estripulias                   estripul
estritamente                  estrit
estrito                       estrit
estrofe                       estrof
estrofes                      estrof
estro'geno                    estro'gen
estrondo                      estrond
estrondoso                    estrond
estrutura                     estrutur
estruturadas                  estrutur
estruturadora                 estrutur
estruturadores                estrutur
estruturais                   estrutur
estrutural                    estrutural
estruturando                  estrutur
estruturas                    estrutur
estuda                        estud
estudada                      estud
estudadas                     estud
estudado                      estud
estudam                       estud
estudando                     estud
estudante                     estudant
estudantes                    estudant
estudantis                    estudant
estudar                       estud
estudaram                     estud
estudava                      estud
estu'dio                      estu'di
estu'dios                     estu'di
estudioso                     estudi
estudiosos                    estudi
estudo                        estud
estudos                       estud
estudou                       estud
estufa                        estuf
estupenda                     estupend
estu'pidas                    estu'p
estupidez                     estupidez
estuprada                     estupr
estupravam                    estupr
estupro                       estupr
esturricada                   esturric
estvez                        estvez
esvair                        esva
esvazia                       esvaz
esvaziado                     esvazi
esvaziamos                    esvazi
esvaziar                      esvazi
esvaziaram                    esvazi
esvaziou                      esvazi
esverdeada                    esverd
esverdeado                    esverd
esverdeados                   esverd
et                            et
etanol                        etanol
etapa                         etap
etapas                        etap
eta'ria                       eta'r
etc                           etc
etelma                        etelm
e'ter                         e'ter
eterna                        etern
eternamente                   etern
eternidade                    etern
eternit                       eternit
eternizam                     eterniz
eterno                        etern
etezinhos                     etezinh
e'tica                        e'tic
e'ticas                       e'tic
e'tico                        e'tic
e'ticos                       e'tic
etiqueta                      etiquet
etiquetas                     etiquet
etnia                         etni
etnias                        etni
e'tnica                       e'tnic
e'tnicas                      e'tnic
e'tnico                       e'tnic
e'tnicos                      e'tnic
etno                          etno
ets                           ets
eu                            eu
eua                           eua
euclides                      euclid
eudes                         eud
eufemismos                    eufem
euforia                       eufor
eufo'ricas                    eufo'r
eufo'rico                     eufo'r
euge^nia                      euge^n
eugenio                       eugeni
euge^nio                      euge^ni
eumano                        euman
eunice                        eunic
eureka                        eurek
eurico                        euric
euri'dice                     euri'dic
euri'pedes                    euri'ped
euro                          eur
eurocentrismo                 eurocentr
euroce'ticos                  euroce't
europa                        europ
europe'ia                     europ
europe'ias                    europ
europeu                       europ
europeus                      europeus
euse'bio                      euse'bi
eusta'quio                    eusta'qui
eva                           eva
evacuada                      evacu
evander                       evand
evandro                       evandr
evangelho                     evangelh
evange'lica                   evange'l
evange'licas                  evange'l
evange'lico                   evange'l
evange'licos                  evange'l
evangelista                   evangel
evangelizac,a~o               evangeliz
evans                         evans
evelin                        evelin
evenks                        evenks
evento                        event
eventos                       event
eventuais                     eventu
eventual                      eventual
eventualmente                 eventual
everest                       everest
evide^ncia                    evident
evidenciada                   evidenc
evidenciam                    evidenc
evide^ncias                   evident
evidente                      evident
evidentemente                 evident
evidentes                     evident
evita                         evit
evita'                        evit
evitado                       evit
evitam                        evit
evitando                      evit
evitar                        evit
evitara'                      evit
evitaria                      evit
evitariam                     evit
evitava                       evit
evitavam                      evit
evite                         evit
evitou                        evit
evocam                        evoc
evocando                      evoc
evocar                        evoc
evocativa                     evoc
evoluc,a~o                    evoluc,a~
evoluem                       evolu
evolui                        evolu
evoluir                       evolu
evoluira'                     evolu
evolui'ram                    evolui'r
evolui'sse                    evolui'ss
evoluiu                       evolu
evolutiva                     evolut
ex                            ex
exacerbada                    exacerb
exacerbadas                   exacerb
exacerbar                     exacerb
exagera                       exag
exagerada                     exager
exageradamente                exager
exageradas                    exager
exagerado                     exager
exagerados                    exager
exageram                      exag
exagerando                    exager
exagerar                      exager
exagero                       exager
exageros                      exager
exala                         exal
exalando                      exal
exalta                        exalt
exaltac,a~o                   exalt
exaltac,o~es                  exalt
exaltar                       exalt
exame                         exam
exames                        exam
examina                       examin
examinada                     examin
examinadas                    examin
examinado                     examin
examinador                    examin
examinadora                   examin
examinados                    examin
examinam                      examin
examinar                      examin
examinaram                    examin
examinassem                   examin
examinei                      examin
examinou                      examin
exata                         exat
exatamente                    exat
exatas                        exat
exato                         exat
exatos                        exat
exaurido                      exaur
exausta~o                     exausta~
exaustiva                     exaust
exaustivamente                exaust
exaustivo                     exaust
exaustivos                    exaust
exausto                       exaust
exaustos                      exaust
excec,a~o                     excec,a~
excec,o~es                    excec,o~
excedente                     excedent
excedentes                    excedent
excel                         excel
excele^ncia                   excelent
excelente                     excelent
excelentes                    excelent
excentricidade                excentr
excepcionais                  excepcion
excepcional                   excepcional
excepcionalmente              excepcional
excessiva                     excess
excessivamente                excess
excessivas                    excess
excessivo                     excess
excessivos                    excess
excesso                       excess
excessos                      excess
exceto                        excet
exchange                      exchang
excita                        excit
excitac,a~o                   excit
excitada                      excit
excitado                      excit
excitante                     excitant
exclamac,a~o                  exclam
exclamou                      exclam
excludente                    excludent
exclui                        exclu
exclui'do                     exclui'd
exclui'dos                    exclui'd
excluindo                     exclu
exclusa~o                     exclusa~
exclusiva                     exclus
exclusivamente                exclus
exclusivas                    exclus
exclusividade                 exclus
exclusivo                     exclus
exclusivos                    exclus
excluso~es                    excluso~
excrementos                   excrement
excresce^ncia                 excrescent
excursa~o                     excursa~
excurso~es                    excurso~
execuc,a~o                    execuc,a~
execuc,o~es                   execuc,o~
executa                       execut
executada                     execut
executado                     execut
executar                      execut
executara~o                   execut
executavam                    execut
executa'vel                   execut
executiva                     execut
executivas                    execut
executivo                     execut
executivos                    execut
executo                       execut
executou                      execut
exemplar                      exempl
exemplares                    exempl
exemplificando                exemplific
exemplo                       exempl
exemplos                      exempl
exerce                        exerc
exercem                       exerc
exercendo                     exerc
exercer                       exerc
exerceu                       exerc
exerciam                      exerc
exerci'cio                    exerci'ci
exerci'cios                   exerci'ci
exercida                      exerc
exercidas                     exerc
exercido                      exerc
exercita                      exercit
exercitada                    exercit
exercitam                     exercit
exercitando                   exercit
exercitar                     exercit
exe'rcito                     exe'rcit
exe'rcitos                    exe'rcit
exerc,o                       exerc
exibe                         exib
exibem                        exib
exibia                        exib
exibiam                       exib
exibic,a~o                    exibic,a~
exibicionismo                 exibicion
exibicionista                 exibicion
exibic,o~es                   exibic,o~
exibida                       exib
exibidas                      exib
exibido                       exib
exibidos                      exib
exibindo                      exib
exibir                        exib
exibira'                      exib
exibiu                        exib
exige                         exig
exigem                        exig
exige^ncia                    exigent
exige^ncias                   exigent
exigente                      exigent
exigentes                     exigent
exigia                        exig
exigiam                       exig
exigida                       exig
exigido                       exig
exigidos                      exig
exigindo                      exig
exigir                        exig
exigira'                      exig
exigiram                      exig
exigiria                      exig
exigisse                      exig
exigiu                        exig
exi'gua                       exi'gu
exiguus                       exiguus
exijam                        exij
exijo                         exij
exilado                       exil
exilados                      exil
exilei                        exil
exi'lio                       exi'li
exilou                        exil
eximbank                      eximbank
eximindo                      exim
exi'mio                       exi'mi
exista                        exist
existam                       exist
existe                        exist
existem                       exist
existe^ncia                   existent
existenciais                  existenc
existencial                   existencial
existencialista               existencial
existente                     existent
existentes                    existent
existia                       exist
existiam                      exist
existindo                     exist
existir                       exist
existiram                     exist
existira~o                    exist
existiria                     exist
existiriam                    exist
existisse                     exist
existissem                    exist
existiu                       exist
e^xito                        e^xit
e^xitos                       e^xit
e^xodo                        e^xod
exorbitantes                  exorbitant
exorcismo                     exorc
exorcizada                    exorciz
exortando                     exort
exo'tica                      exo't
exo'ticas                     exo't
exo'tico                      exo't
exo'ticos                     exo't
expand                        expand
expande                       expand
expandindo                    expand
expandir                      expand
expandiu                      expand
expansa~o                     expansa~
expansionista                 expansion
expanso~es                    expanso~
expectante                    expectant
expectativa                   expect
expectativas                  expect
expedic,a~o                   expedic,a~
expedic,o~es                  expedic,o~
expedida                      exped
expedido                      exped
expedidos                     exped
expediente                    expedient
expediu                       exped
expelida                      expel
expelido                      expel
expelir                       expel
experie^ncia                  experient
experie^ncias                 experient
experiente                    experient
experientes                   experient
experimenta                   experiment
experimentac,a~o              experiment
experimentadas                experiment
experimentado                 experiment
experimentados                experiment
experimentais                 experiment
experimental                  experimental
experimentam                  experiment
experimentando                experiment
experimentar                  experiment
experimentaram                experiment
experimentava                 experiment
experimente                   experi
experimentei                  experiment
experimento                   exper
experimentos                  exper
experimentou                  experiment
experts                       experts
expirac,a~o                   expir
expirato'ria                  expirato'r
explica                       explic
explicac,a~o                  explic
explicac,o~es                 explic
explicada                     explic
explicado                     explic
explicados                    explic
explicam                      explic
explicando                    explic
explicar                      explic
explicativo                   explic
explicava                     explic
expli'cita                    expli'cit
explicitar                    explicit
expli'cito                    expli'cit
explico                       explic
explicou                      explic
explique                      expliqu
explode                       explod
explodem                      explod
explodi                       explod
explodido                     explod
explodir                      explod
explodira                     explod
explodiram                    explod
explodiu                      explod
explora                       explor
explorac,a~o                  explor
explorado                     explor
explorador                    explor
exploradora                   explor
exploradores                  explor
exploram                      explor
explorando                    explor
explorar                      explor
explorariam                   explor
explorer                      explor
explosa~o                     explosa~
explosiva                     explos
explosivas                    explos
explosivo                     explos
explosivos                    explos
exploso~es                    exploso~
expo~e                        expo~
expoente                      expoent
expondo                       expond
exponha                       exponh
expor                         expor
exporia                       expor
exporta                       export
exportac,a~o                  export
exportac,o~es                 export
exportada                     export
exportado                     export
exportador                    export
exportadora                   export
exportadores                  export
exportados                    export
exportam                      export
exportar                      export
exportou                      export
expo^s                        expo^s
exposic,a~o                   exposic,a~
exposic,o~es                  exposic,o~
expositores                   expositor
exposto                       expost
expostos                      expost
express                       express
expressa                      express
expressam                     express
expressamente                 express
expressando                   express
expressa~o                    expressa~
expressar                     express
expressas                     express
expressionistas               expression
expressiva                    express
expressivi'ssima              expressivi'ssim
expressivo                    express
expresso~es                   expresso~
expressos                     express
exprima                       exprim
exprimir                      exprim
expulsa'                      expuls
expulsando                    expuls
expulsar                      expuls
expulsasse                    expuls
expulsavam                    expuls
expulso                       expuls
expulsos                      expuls
expurgada                     expurg
expus                         expus
extensa                       extens
extensa~o                     extensa~
extensas                      extens
extenso                       extens
extensos                      extens
extenuantes                   extenuant
exterior                      exterior
exteriores                    exterior
exterminador                  extermin
extermi'nio                   extermi'ni
externa                       extern
externas                      extern
externo                       extern
externos                      extern
extinc,a~o                    extinc,a~
extinta                       extint
extinto                       extint
extintor                      extintor
extirpado                     extirp
extirpar                      extirp
extirpei                      extirp
extorquidas                   extorqu
extorsa~o                     extorsa~
extra                         extra
extrac,a~o                    extrac,a~
extrac,o~es                   extrac,o~
extraconjugais                extraconjug
extradic,a~o                  extradic,a~
extraem                       extra
extrai                        extra
extraiam                      extra
extrai'da                     extrai'd
extrai'das                    extrai'd
extrai'do                     extrai'd
extrair                       extra
extraiu                       extra
extraordina'ria               extraordina'r
extraordinariamente           extraordinari
extraordina'rio               extraordina'ri
extraordina'rios              extraordina'ri
extrapola                     extrapol
extras                        extras
extraterrestes                extraterr
extraterrestre                extraterrestr
extraterrestres               extraterrestr
extrato                       extrat
extratoras                    extrator
extratos                      extrat
extratrabalho                 extratrabalh
extravaga^ncia                extravaga^nc
extravagante                  extravagant
extravagantes                 extravagant
extravasamento                extravas
extrema                       extrem
extremado                     extrem
extremamente                  extrem
extremidade                   extrem
extremidades                  extrem
extremo                       extrem
extremos                      extrem
extrovertida                  extrovert
extrovertidas                 extrovert
exu                           exu
exubera^ncia                  exubera^nc
exuberantes                   exuberant
exulta                        exult
exultei                       exult
exultou                       exult
exumac,a~o                    exum
exxon                         exxon
eye                           eye
eymar                         eymar
ezequiel                      ezequiel
f                             f
fa~                           fa~
faa                           faa
faap                          faap
fab                           fab
faberge'                      faberg
fabiana                       fabian
fa'bio                        fa'bi
fabri                         fabr
fabrica                       fabric
fa'brica                      fa'bric
fabricac,a~o                  fabric
fabricada                     fabric
fabricadas                    fabric
fabricado                     fabric
fabricados                    fabric
fabricam                      fabric
fabricando                    fabric
fabricante                    fabricant
fabricantes                   fabricant
fabricar                      fabric
fa'bricas                     fa'bric
fabricasse                    fabric
fabricavam                    fabric
fabri'cio                     fabri'ci
fabricou                      fabric
fabriquetas                   fabriquet
fabrizia                      fabriz
fa'bula                       fa'bul
fabuloso                      fabul
fabulosos                     fabul
faca                          fac
fac,a                         fac
facadas                       fac
fac,am                        fac
fac,anha                      fac,anh
facc,a~o                      facc,a~
facc,o~es                     facc,o~
face                          fac
fa'ceis                       fa'c
faces                         fac
facet                         facet
faceta                        facet
fachada                       fach
facho                         fach
facial                        facial
fa'cil                        fa'cil
facilidade                    facil
facilidades                   facil
facilita                      facilit
facilitado                    facilit
facilitando                   facilit
facilitar                     facilit
facilitaria                   facilit
facilito                      facilit
facilmente                    facil
fac,o                         fac
facto'ides                    facto'id
factory                       factory
faculdade                     faculdad
faculdades                    faculdad
fadado                        fad
fadados                       fad
fadas                         fad
fadiga                        fadig
fadlo                         fadl
fagolipo                      fagolip
fagundes                      fagund
faildes                       faild
faire                         fair
fairlane                      fairlan
faiscantes                    faiscant
faiso~es                      faiso~
faith                         faith
faixa                         faix
faixas                        faix
fajuto                        fajut
fala                          fal
falada                        fal
faladas                       fal
falado                        fal
falam                         fal
falamos                       fal
falando                       fal
falante                       falant
falantes                      falant
falar                         fal
falaram                       fal
falaremos                     fal
falaria                       fal
falas                         fal
falato'rio                    falato'ri
falava                        fal
falavam                       fal
falca~o                       falca~
falcatrua                     falcatru
falcatruas                    falcatru
falco                         falc
fale                          fal
falecer                       falec
falecida                      falec
falecido                      falec
falecimento                   falec
falei                         fal
falem                         fal
fale^ncia                     fale^nc
falha                         falh
falhas                        falh
falhou                        falh
falida                        fal
falidas                       fal
falido                        fal
falidos                       fal
falimentar                    faliment
faliram                       fal
faliu                         fal
falo                          fal
falou                         fal
falsa                         fals
falsa'rios                    falsa'ri
falsas                        fals
falseando                     fals
falsidade                     falsidad
falsificac,a~o                falsific
falsificac,o~es               falsific
falsificadas                  falsific
falsificado                   falsific
falsificar                    falsific
falsificaram                  falsific
falso                         fals
falsos                        fals
falta                         falt
faltado                       falt
faltam                        falt
faltando                      falt
faltar                        falt
faltara'                      falt
faltariam                     falt
faltas                        falt
faltava                       falt
faltavam                      falt
faltei                        falt
faltou                        falt
fama                          fam
fambrini                      fambrin
fame                          fam
fami'                         fam
famigerada                    famiger
fami'lia                      fami'l
familiar                      famili
familiares                    famili
familiarizando                familiariz
fami'lias                     fami'l
family                        family
faminto                       famint
famintos                      famint
famosa                        famos
famosas                       famos
famoso                        famos
famosos                       famos
fan                           fan
fana'tica                     fana't
fana'tico                     fana't
fana'ticos                    fana't
fanatismo                     fanat
fanhosa                       fanhos
fanini                        fanin
fantasia                      fantas
fantasiado                    fantasi
fantasias                     fantas
fantasio                      fantasi
fantasiosa                    fantasi
fantasioso                    fantasi
fantasma                      fantasm
fantasmas                     fantasm
fanta'stica                   fanta'st
fanta'sticas                  fanta'st
fanta'stico                   fanta'st
fanta'sticos                  fanta'st
fapesp                        fapesp
fara'                         far
farah                         farah
fara~o                        fara~
farda                         fard
fardado                       fard
fardas                        fard
fardo                         fard
farei                         far
fareja                        farej
faremos                       far
fares                         far
faria                         far
fariam                        far
fari'amos                     far
farias                        far
faringe                       faring
farinha                       farinh
farkas                        fark
farmace^utica                 farmace^ut
farmace^uticas                farmace^ut
farmace^utico                 farmace^ut
farmace^uticos                farmace^ut
farma'cia                     farma'c
farma'cias                    farma'c
farmacologista                farmacolog
farmacologistas               farmacolog
farmaton                      farmaton
faro                          far
faroeste                      faro
faroestes                     faro
farofa                        farof
faro'is                       faro'
farol                         farol
farra                         farr
farrah                        farrah
farrakhan                     farrakhan
farras                        farr
farsa                         fars
farta                         fart
fartando                      fart
fartas                        fart
farto                         fart
fartos                        fart
fa~s                          fa~s
fasano                        fasan
fasci'culos                   fasci'cul
fascina                       fascin
fascinac,a~o                  fascin
fascinado                     fascin
fascinam                      fascin
fascinante                    fascinant
fascinava                     fascin
fasci'nio                     fasci'ni
fascinou                      fascin
fase                          fas
fases                         fas
fashion                       fashion
fast                          fast
fat                           fat
fatais                        fat
fatal                         fatal
fatalidade                    fatal
fatalidades                   fatal
fatia                         fat
fatiadas                      fati
fatias                        fat
fati'dico                     fati'd
fa'tima                       fa'tim
fato                          fat
fator                         fator
fatores                       fator
fatos                         fat
fatura                        fatur
faturado                      fatur
faturados                     fatur
faturam                       fatur
faturamento                   fatur
faturando                     fatur
faturar                       fatur
faturaram                     fatur
faturariam                    fatur
faturava                      fatur
faturou                       fatur
fauna                         faun
faustini                      faustin
faustino                      faustin
fausto                        faust
fava                          fav
favas                         fav
favela                        favel
favelado                      favel
favelas                       favel
fa'vero                       fa'ver
favor                         favor
favora'veis                   favor
favora'vel                    favor
favoravelmente                favor
favorece                      favorec
favorecem                     favorec
favorecendo                   favorec
favorecer                     favorec
favorecida                    favorec
favorecidas                   favorec
favorecimento                 favorec
favores                       favor
favorito                      favorit
fawcett                       fawcett
fax                           fax
faxineira                     faxineir
faxineiro                     faxineir
faxineiros                    faxineir
faz                           faz
faze^                         faz
fazem                         faz
fazemos                       faz
fazenda                       fazend
fazendas                      fazend
fazendeiro                    fazendeir
fazendeiros                   fazendeir
fazendo                       faz
fazendola                     fazendol
fazer                         faz
fazermos                      faz
fazia                         faz
faziam                        faz
fazi'amos                     faz
fbi                           fbi
fda                           fda
fe'                           fe'
fearnside                     fearnsid
febem                         feb
febre                         febr
fecha                         fech
fecha'                        fech
fechada                       fech
fechadas                      fech
fechado                       fech
fechados                      fech
fechadura                     fechadur
fecham                        fech
fechamento                    fechament
fechando                      fech
fechar                        fech
fechara                       fech
fecharam                      fech
fechassem                     fech
fechava                       fech
feche                         fech
fechou                        fech
fecundada                     fecund
fecundas                      fecund
federac,a~o                   feder
federac,o~es                  feder
federais                      feder
federal                       federal
federativo                    feder
federico                      feder
fedido                        fed
feedback                      feedback
feia                          fei
feic,a~o                      feic,a~
feic,o~es                     feic,o~
feija~o                       feija~
feijo'                        feij
feijoada                      feijo
feio                          fei
feios                         fei
feira                         feir
feirante                      feirant
feiras                        feir
feita                         feit
feitas                        feit
feitic,aria                   feitic
feitic,o                      feitic
feitic,os                     feitic
feitler                       feitl
feito                         feit
feitores                      feitor
feitorias                     feitor
feitos                        feit
feitosa                       feitos
feiu'ra                       feiu'r
feix                          feix
feixe                         feix
feldmann                      feldmann
felicidade                    felic
felici'ssimos                 felici'ss
felino                        felin
felinos                       felin
felinto                       felint
felipe                        felip
fe'lix                        fe'lix
feliz                         feliz
felizardos                    felizard
felizes                       feliz
felizmente                    feliz
fellini                       fellin
fe^mea                        fe^m
fe^meas                       fe^m
feminilidade                  feminil
feminina                      feminin
femininas                     feminin
feminino                      feminin
femininos                     feminin
feminismo                     femin
feminista                     femin
feministas                    femin
femme                         femm
fe^mur                        fe^mur
fe^mures                      fe^mur
fendas                        fend
fenecem                       fenec
fenecessem                    fenec
fenerich                      fenerich
fenomenais                    fenomen
fenomenal                     fenomenal
feno^meno                     feno^men
feno^menos                    feno^men
fenproporex                   fenproporex
fera                          fer
feras                         fer
ferdinando                    ferdin
fere                          fer
ferguson                      ferguson
feriado                       feri
feriados                      feri
fe'rias                       fe'r
ferida                        fer
feridas                       fer
ferido                        fer
feridos                       fer
ferimento                     feriment
ferimentos                    feriment
ferir                         fer
feriu                         fer
fermentac,a~o                 ferment
fermentando                   ferment
fernanda                      fernand
fernandes                     fernand
fernandez                     fernandez
fernando                      fern
ferocidade                    feroc
feroz                         feroz
ferragano                     ferragan
ferramenta                    ferrament
ferramentaria                 ferrament
ferramentas                   ferrament
ferrari                       ferrar
ferraz                        ferraz
fe'rreas                      fe'rr
ferreira                      ferreir
ferrenhos                     ferrenh
ferro                         ferr
ferrovia                      ferrov
ferrovia'ria                  ferrovia'r
ferrovia'rias                 ferrovia'r
ferrovia'rio                  ferrovia'ri
ferrovias                     ferrov
ferry                         ferry
fe'rtil                       fe'rtil
fertilidade                   fertil
fervente                      fervent
ferver                        ferv
fervilhante                   fervilhant
fervilhantes                  fervilhant
fervilhavam                   fervilh
fervor                        fervor
fervoroso                     fervor
fervorosos                    fervor
fes                           fes
festa                         fest
festanc,a                     festanc
festas                        fest
festeja                       festej
festejada                     festej
festejam                      festej
festejar                      festej
festejaram                    festej
festejava                     festej
festejos                      festej
festinha                      festinh
festinhas                     festinh
festiva                       festiv
festivais                     festiv
festival                      festival
fethyie                       fethyi
fetiche                       fetich
fe'tido                       fe't
feto                          fet
fevereiro                     fevereir
fez                           fez
fezes                         fez
fezinha                       fezinh
fgts                          fgts
fgv                           fgv
fhc                           fhc
fiada                         fiad
fiador                        fiador
fianc,a                       fianc
fiapo                         fiap
fiat                          fiat
fiats                         fiats
fibe                          fib
fibra                         fibr
fibras                        fibr
fibrasil                      fibrasil
fibrinoge^nio                 fibrinoge^ni
fibroblastos                  fibroblast
fibromas                      fibrom
fibrose                       fibros
fica                          fic
ficado                        fic
ficam                         fic
ficamos                       fic
ficando                       fic
ficar                         fic
ficara                        fic
ficara'                       fic
ficaram                       fic
ficara~o                      fic
ficarem                       fic
ficaria                       fic
ficariam                      fic
ficarmos                      fic
ficasse                       fic
ficassem                      fic
fica'ssemos                   fic
ficava                        fic
ficavam                       fic
ficc,a~o                      ficc,a~
ficcional                     ficcional
ficha                         fich
ficha'rio                     ficha'ri
fichas                        fich
fichtner                      fichtn
fico                          fic
ficou                         fic
ficti'cia                     ficti'c
ficti'cias                    ficti'c
ficti'cio                     ficti'ci
ficti'cios                    ficti'ci
fidalgo                       fidalg
fidalgos                      fidalg
fidalguia                     fidalgu
fidel                         fidel
fidelidade                    fidel
fie'is                        fie'
fiel                          fiel
fiesp                         fiesp
fiesta                        fiest
fi'gado                       fi'g
figaro                        figar
figueira                      figueir
figueiredo                    figueired
figura                        figur
figurac,a~o                   figur
figuradamente                 figur
figuram                       figur
figurantes                    figurant
figura~o                      figura~
figurar                       figur
figuraria                     figur
figuras                       figur
figurinhas                    figurinh
figurinista                   figurin
figurino                      figurin
figurinos                     figurin
figuro~es                     figuro~
fiji                          fij
fila                          fil
filade'lfia                   filade'lf
filantro'pica                 filantro'p
filantro'picos                filantro'p
fila~o                        fila~
filarmo^nicas                 filarmo^n
filas                         fil
file'                         fil
fileira                       fileir
fileiras                      fileir
fileza~o                      fileza~
filha                         filh
filhas                        filh
filhinho                      filhinh
filho                         filh
filhos                        filh
filhote                       filhot
filhotes                      filhot
filiac,a~o                    filiac,a~
filiado                       fili
filiados                      fili
filiais                       fili
filial                        filial
filinto                       filint
filiou                        fili
filip                         filip
filipe                        filip
filipeck                      filipeck
filipinas                     filipin
filippo                       filipp
filisofia                     filisof
film                          film
filmada                       film
filmados                      film
filmagem                      filmag
filmagens                     filmagens
filmar                        film
filme                         film
filmes                        film
filmou                        film
filomena                      filomen
filo's                        filo's
filosofa                      filosof
filo'sofa                     filo'sof
filosofia                     filosof
filoso'ficas                  filoso'f
filo'sofo                     filo'sof
filo'sofos                    filo'sof
filtra                        filtr
filtragem                     filtrag
filtrar                       filtr
filtro                        filtr
fim                           fim
fimose                        fimos
fin                           fin
fina                          fin
finais                        fin
final                         final
finalidade                    final
finalidades                   final
finalistas                    final
finalizac,a~o                 finaliz
finalizado                    finaliz
finalizando                   finaliz
finalizar                     finaliz
finalmente                    final
financ,a                      financ
financ,as                     financ
financeira                    financeir
financeiramente               financeir
financeiras                   financeir
financeiro                    financeir
financeiros                   financeir
financia                      financ
financiadas                   financ
financiado                    financ
financiador                   financ
financiadoras                 financ
financiados                   financ
financiam                     financ
financiamento                 financ
financiamentos                financ
financiando                   financ
financiar                     financ
financiava                    financ
financiei                     financ
financiou                     financ
finas                         fin
finasterida                   finaster
fincada                       finc
fincar                        finc
fincato                       fincat
fincou                        finc
finep                         finep
finge                         fing
fingi                         fing
fingia                        fing
fingindo                      fing
fingir                        fing
fininho                       fininh
fini'ssimo                    fini'ssim
fino                          fin
finos                         fin
fins                          fins
fio                           fio
fiona                         fion
fiorentini                    fiorentin
fios                          fios
fique                         fiqu
fiquei                        fiqu
fiquem                        fiqu
firma                         firm
firmada                       firm
firmado                       firm
firmados                      firm
firmam                        firm
firmamento                    firmament
firmara'                      firm
firmaram                      firm
firmas                        firm
firmavam                      firm
firme                         firm
firmem                        firm
firmemente                    firmement
firmes                        firm
firmeza                       firmez
firmou                        firm
fiscais                       fisc
fiscal                        fiscal
fiscaliza                     fiscaliz
fiscalizac,a~o                fiscaliz
fiscalizac,o~es               fiscaliz
fiscalizado                   fiscaliz
fiscalizadora                 fiscaliz
fiscalizar                    fiscaliz
fiscalizavam                  fiscaliz
fiscalizou                    fiscaliz
fischer                       fisch
fisco                         fisc
fisgado                       fisg
fisgando                      fisg
fisgar                        fisg
fisher                        fish
fi'sica                       fi'sic
fisicamente                   fisic
fi'sicas                      fi'sic
fi'sico                       fi'sic
fi'sicos                      fi'sic
fisiculturista                fisicultur
fisiologia                    fisiolog
fisiologismo                  fisiolog
fisiologista                  fisiolog
fisionomia                    fisionom
fisioterapeuta                fisioterapeut
fisioterapia                  fisioterap
fissura                       fissur
fissurado                     fissur
fit                           fit
fita                          fit
fitas                         fit
fitinhas                      fitinh
fitness                       fitness
fitoterapia                   fitoterap
fitotera'pico                 fitotera'p
fittipaldi                    fittipald
fitzgerald                    fitzgerald
fivela                        fivel
fixa                          fix
fixac,a~o                     fixac,a~
fixada                        fix
fixado                        fix
fixador                       fixador
fixam                         fix
fixar                         fix
fixas                         fix
fixe                          fix
fixo                          fix
fixos                         fix
fixou                         fix
fiz                           fiz
fizemos                       fiz
fizer                         fiz
fizeram                       fiz
fizermos                      fiz
fizesse                       fiz
fizessem                      fiz
fize'ssemos                   fize'ss
flacidez                      flacidez
fla'cido                      fla'c
flag                          flag
flagra                        flagr
flagrado                      flagr
flagrante                     flagrant
flagrantemente                flagrant
flagrantes                    flagrant
flagrar                       flagr
flagrava                      flagr
flagre                        flagr
flagrou                       flagr
flamenca                      flamenc
flamengo                      flameng
flandres                      flandr
flanelinha                    flanelinh
flash                         flash
flashes                       flash
flats                         flats
flauta                        flaut
fla'vai                       fla'va
fla'via                       fla'v
flavio                        flavi
fla'vio                       fla'vi
flecha                        flech
flertar                       flert
flerte                        flert
fleugma                       fleugm
fleuma                        fleum
fleury                        fleury
flexibilidade                 flexibil
flexibilizac,a~o              flexibiliz
flexibilizada                 flexibiliz
flexibilizamos                flexibiliz
flexibilizar                  flexibiliz
flexionando                   flexion
flexi'veis                    flexi'v
flexi'vel                     flexi'vel
flexo~es                      flexo~
flinn                         flinn
fliperama                     fliperam
flipperama                    flipperam
flor                          flor
floreados                     flor
florenc,a                     florenc
flore^ncia                    flore^nc
flore^ncio                    flore^nci
florent                       florent
flores                        flor
floresas                      flores
florescem                     floresc
florescer                     floresc
florescido                    floresc
florescimento                 floresc
floresta                      florest
florestal                     florestal
florestas                     florest
florestta                     florestt
floriano                      florian
floriano'polis                floriano'pol
florida                       flor
flo'rida                      flo'r
floridi                       florid
florisbela                    florisbel
florisval                     florisval
flow                          flow
flower                        flow
flui                          flu
fluidos                       flu
fluir                         flu
fluminense                    fluminens
fluoretos                     fluoret
fluoxetina                    fluoxetin
fluril                        fluril
flutuac,o~es                  flutuac,o~
flutuando                     flutu
flutuante                     flutuant
flutuantes                    flutuant
flutuasse                     flutu
fluvial                       fluvial
fluxo                         flux
fm                            fm
fmi                           fmi
fms                           fms
fmu                           fmu
foale                         foal
foca                          foc
foc,a                         foc
focados                       foc
foco                          foc
focos                         foc
fodor                         fodor
fofinhos                      fofinh
fofoca                        fofoc
fofocar                       fofoc
fofocas                       fofoc
fogac,a                       fogac
foga~o                        foga~
foge                          fog
fogem                         fog
fogleman                      fogleman
fogo                          fog
fogos                         fog
fogosas                       fogos
fogueira                      fogueir
foguete                       foguet
foguetes                      foguet
fogueto'rio                   fogueto'ri
foi                           foi
foice                         foic
fok                           fok
fokker                        fokk
folclore                      folclor
folclo'rica                   folclo'r
folclo'rico                   folclo'r
fo^lego                       fo^leg
folga                         folg
folgada                       folg
folgadas                      folg
folgar                        folg
folha                         folh
folhas                        folh
folhearam                     folh
folheiam                      folh
folhetim                      folhetim
folheto                       folhet
folhetos                      folhet
folia~o                       folia~
folio                         foli
fome                          fom
fomos                         fom
fonaudiologia                 fonaudiolog
fonda                         fond
fone                          fon
fonemas                       fonem
fones                         fon
fone'tica                     fone't
fonoaudio'loga                fonoaudio'log
fonoaudiologia                fonoaudiolog
fonogra'fico                  fonogra'f
fono'grafo                    fono'graf
fonseca                       fonsec
fontana                       fontan
fonte                         font
fontecindam                   fontecind
fontenelle                    fontenell
fontes                        font
fontoura                      fontour
food                          food
foods                         foods
football                      football
for                           for
fora                          for
foragida                      forag
foragido                      forag
foram                         for
forbes                        forb
forca                         forc
forc,a                        forc
forc,ada                      forc
forc,adas                     forc
forc,ado                      forc
forc,ados                     forc
forc,ando                     forc
forc,ar                       forc
forc,aram                     forc
forc,as                       forc
force                         forc
forcei                        forc
forc,osamente                 forc,os
ford                          ford
forem                         for
forense                       forens
forest                        forest
forja                         forj
forjada                       forj
forjadas                      forj
forjado                       forj
forjados                      forj
forjam                        forj
forjar                        forj
forma                         form
formac,a~o                    formac,a~
formac,o~es                   formac,o~
formada                       form
formadas                      form
formado                       form
formador                      formador
formadores                    formador
formados                      form
formais                       form
formal                        formal
formalidade                   formal
formalmente                   formal
formam                        form
formamos                      form
formando                      form
formar                        form
formas                        form
formatac,a~o                  format
formato                       format
formatos                      format
formatura                     formatur
formava                       form
forme                         form
fo'rmica                      fo'rmic
formida'veis                  formid
formida'vel                   formid
formiga                       formig
formigas                      formig
formigoni                     formigon
formol                        formol
formos                        form
formosa                       formos
formou                        form
fo'rmula                      fo'rmul
formulac,a~o                  formul
formulac,o~es                 formul
formulada                     formul
formuladas                    formul
formulados                    formul
formular                      formul
formula'rios                  formula'ri
fo'rmulas                     fo'rmul
formule                       formul
fornada                       forn
forncedores                   forncedor
fornece                       fornec
fornecedor                    fornecedor
fornecedora                   fornecedor
fornecedoras                  fornecedor
fornecedores                  fornecedor
fornecem                      fornec
fornecendo                    fornec
fornecer                      fornec
forneceu                      fornec
forneciam                     fornec
fornecidos                    fornec
fornecimento                  fornec
fornicando                    fornic
forno                         forn
foro                          for
forrac,a~o                    forrac,a~
forrar                        forr
forrest                       forrest
forro                         forr
forro'                        forr
forro's                       forro's
fort                          fort
fortalece                     fortalec
fortalecem                    fortalec
fortalecer                    fortalec
fortaleceria                  fortalec
fortaleceu                    fortalec
fortalecido                   fortalec
fortalecimento                fortalec
fortaleza                     fortal
forte                         fort
fortemente                    fortement
fortes                        fort
fortuita                      fortuit
fortuito                      fortuit
fortuna                       fortun
fortunas                      fortun
fortunato                     fortunat
fortune                       fortun
forum                         forum
fo'rum                        fo'rum
fo'sforos                     fo'sfor
fossa                         foss
fosse                         foss
fo'sseis                      fo'ss
fossem                        foss
fo'ssil                       fo'ssil
foster                        fost
foto                          fot
foto'grafa                    foto'graf
fotografa'                    fotograf
fotografada                   fotograf
fotografadas                  fotograf
fotografados                  fotograf
fotografar                    fotograf
fotografia                    fotograf
fotografias                   fotograf
fotogra'fica                  fotogra'f
fotogra'ficas                 fotogra'f
fotogra'fico                  fotogra'f
fotogra'ficos                 fotogra'f
foto'grafo                    foto'graf
foto'grafos                   foto'graf
fotogramas                    fotogram
fotolitos                     fotolit
fotonovelas                   fotonovel
fotos                         fot
fotossensi'vel                fotossens
foundation                    foundation
four                          four
foxmeyer                      foxmey
foz                           foz
fr                            fr
fracarolli                    fracaroll
fracas                        frac
fracassado                    fracass
fracassados                   fracass
fracassasse                   fracass
fracasso                      fracass
fracassos                     fracass
fracassou                     fracass
fraco                         frac
fracos                        frac
frade                         frad
frades                        frad
fraga                         frag
fragata                       fragat
fra'geis                      fra'g
fra'gil                       fra'gil
fragilidade                   fragil
fragmentos                    fragment
fragra^ncia                   fragra^nc
fraige                        fraig
fralda'rio                    fralda'ri
fraldas                       frald
franca                        franc
franc,a                       franc
francal                       francal
francamente                   franc
franc,as                      franc
france                        franc
france^s                      france^s
francesa                      frances
francesas                     frances
francesco                     francesc
franceses                     frances
francesinha                   francesinh
francial                      francial
francine                      francin
francis                       franc
francisca                     francisc
franciscano                   franciscan
francisco                     francisc
franco                        franc
franc,ois                     franc,o
franc,oise                    franc,ois
francos                       franc
frangalhos                    frangalh
frango                        frang
franguinho                    franguinh
franja                        franj
frank                         frank
frankfurt                     frankfurt
franklin                      franklin
franqueadas                   franqu
franquedas                    franqued
franqui                       franqu
franquia                      franqu
franquias                     franqu
franz                         franz
franzina                      franzin
fraquejar                     fraquej
fraqueza                      fraquez
fraquezas                     fraquez
frascino                      frascin
frasco                        frasc
frase                         fras
frases                        fras
fraterna                      fratern
fraternal                     fraternal
fraternidade                  fratern
fratura                       fratur
fraturadas                    fratur
fraturas                      fratur
fraudadas                     fraud
fraudado                      fraud
fraudadores                   fraudador
fraudar                       fraud
fraude                        fraud
fraudes                       fraud
fraudou                       fraud
fraudulenta                   fraudulent
fraudulentos                  fraudulent
freak                         freak
frear                         fre
frechette                     frechett
frederic                      frederic
frederico                     freder
fredy                         fredy
free                          fre
freedom                       freedom
fregue^s                      fregue^s
freguesas                     fregues
fregueses                     fregues
freguesia                     fregues
frei                          fre
freio                         frei
freios                        frei
freiras                       freir
freire                        freir
freirinha                     freirinh
freitas                       freit
frejat                        frejat
frenesi                       frenes
freneticamente                frenet
frene'ticas                   frene't
frene'tico                    frene't
frente                        frent
frentes                       frent
freque^ncia                   freque^nc
frequ"e^ncia                  frequ"e^nc
frequenta                     frequent
frequ"enta                    frequ"ent
frequentada                   frequent
frequentado                   frequent
frequentador                  frequent
frequ"entador                 frequ"ent
frequentadora                 frequent
frequentadores                frequent
frequ"entadores               frequ"ent
frequentados                  frequent
frequ"entados                 frequ"ent
frequentam                    frequent
frequ"entam                   frequ"ent
frequentando                  frequent
frequ"entando                 frequ"ent
frequentar                    frequent
frequ"entar                   frequ"ent
frequentaram                  frequent
frequentasse                  frequent
frequentava                   frequent
frequ"entava                  frequ"ent
frequ"enta'vamos              frequ"ent
frequente                     frequent
frequ"ente                    frequ"ent
frequ"entei                   frequ"ent
frequentemente                frequent
frequ"entemente               frequ"ent
frequentes                    frequent
frequ"entes                   frequ"ent
frequento                     frequent
frequ"ento                    frequ"ent
frequentou                    frequent
frequ"entou                   frequ"ent
fresca                        fresc
fresco                        fresc
frescos                       fresc
frescuras                     frescur
fresta                        frest
frestas                       frest
fretada                       fret
fretado                       fret
fretamentos                   fretament
frete                         fret
freud                         freud
freudiana                     freudian
freudiano                     freudian
frevo                         frev
freyre                        freyr
fria                          fri
frias                         fri
friburgo                      friburg
fricc,a~o                     fricc,a~
fridlin                       fridlin
friedlander                   friedland
friedman                      friedman
frigideira                    frigideir
fri'gios                      fri'gi
frigir                        frig
frigobar                      frigob
frio                          fri
frios                         fri
frisa                         fris
frisar                        fris
frisson                       frisson
frita                         frit
fritar                        frit
fritas                        frit
fritz                         fritz
fri'volo                      fri'vol
frommer                       fromm
frondoso                      frondos
front                         front
frontalmente                  frontal
fronteira                     fronteir
fronteiras                    fronteir
fronteires                    front
fronteiric,o                  fronteiric
fronteiric,os                 fronteiric
frontie`res                   frontie`r
frossard                      frossard
frota                         frot
frugal                        frugal
fruic,a~o                     fruic,a~
frustac,a~o                   frustac,a~
frustrac,a~o                  frustrac,a~
frustrac,o~es                 frustrac,o~
frustradas                    frustr
frustrado                     frustr
frustrante                    frustrant
frustrar                      frustr
fruta                         frut
frutado                       frut
frutas                        frut
fruticultura                  fruticultur
fruto                         frut
frutos                        frut
fry                           fry
fsf                           fsf
ftc                           ftc
fu                            fu
fuc,ar                        fuc
fuga                          fug
fugas                         fug
fugaz                         fugaz
fugi                          fug
fugia                         fug
fugiam                        fug
fugido                        fug
fugidos                       fug
fugimos                       fug
fugir                         fug
fugisse                       fug
fugiu                         fug
fui                           fui
fuja                          fuj
fujimori                      fujimor
fujita                        fujit
fulano                        fulan
fulgurante                    fulgurant
fuligem                       fulig
fulmina                       fulmin
fulminado                     fulmin
fulton                        fulton
fuma                          fum
fumac,a                       fumac
fumace^                       fumac
fumacinha                     fumacinh
fumado                        fum
fumam                         fum
fumando                       fum
fumante                       fumant
fumantes                      fumant
fumar                         fum
fumassem                      fum
fumava                        fum
fumei                         fum
fumo                          fum
fumou                         fum
funai                         funa
funarte                       funart
func,a~o                      func,a~
funcef                        funcef
funcesp                       funcesp
funciona                      funcion
funcionado                    funcion
funcional                     funcional
funcionalismo                 funcional
funcionam                     funcion
funcionamento                 funcion
funcionando                   funcion
funcionar                     funcion
funcionara'                   funcion
funcionarem                   funcion
funcionaria                   funcion
funciona'ria                  funciona'r
funciona'rias                 funciona'r
funciona'rio                  funciona'ri
funciona'rios                 funciona'ri
funcionava                    funcion
funcionavam                   funcion
funcionem                     funcion
funcionou                     funcion
func,o~es                     func,o~
fund                          fund
funda                         fund
fundac,a~o                    fundac,a~
fundac,o~es                   fundac,o~
fundada                       fund
fundadas                      fund
fundado                       fund
fundador                      fundador
fundadora                     fundador
fundadoras                    fundador
fundadores                    fundador
fundamentada                  fundament
fundamentais                  fundament
fundamental                   fundamental
fundamentalistas              fundamental
fundamentalmente              fundamental
fundamento                    fundament
fundamentos                   fundament
fundar                        fund
funde                         fund
fundi                         fund
fundir                        fund
fundiram                      fund
fundo                         fund
fundos                        fund
fundou                        fund
funeral                       funeral
funera'ria                    funera'r
funera'rio                    funera'ri
funil                         funil
funk                          funk
funkeira                      funkeir
funkeiro                      funkeir
funkeiros                     funkeir
funks                         funks
fura                          fur
furaca~o                      furaca~
furada                        fur
furadas                       fur
furado                        fur
furar                         fur
fu'ria                        fu'r
furiosa                       furios
furioso                       furios
furiosos                      furios
furlanetto                    furlanett
furnas                        furn
furo                          fur
furor                         furor
furta                         furt
furtado                       furt
furtar                        furt
furto                         furt
fusa~o                        fusa~
fusca                         fusc
fuseau                        fuseau
fuseaus                       fuseaus
fuselagem                     fuselag
fuso~es                       fuso~
futebol                       futebol
fu'til                        fu'til
futura                        futur
futuramente                   futur
futuras                       futur
futuri'stica                  futuri'st
futuro                        futur
futurologia                   futurolog
futuros                       futur
fuvest                        fuvest
fuzil                         fuzil
fuzilamento                   fuzil
fuzileiros                    fuzileir
fuzis                         fuz
fv                            fv
g                             g
gabanna                       gabann
gabaritado                    gabarit
gabaritados                   gabarit
gabaritos                     gabarit
gabeira                       gabeir
gabinete                      gabinet
gabriel                       gabriel
gabriela                      gabriel
gabrielle                     gabriell
gado                          gad
gaguinho                      gaguinh
gaiger                        gaig
gaio                          gai
gaiola                        gaiol
gaita                         gait
gal                           gal
gala~                         gala~
gala'ctico                    gala'ct
galamba                       galamb
galanin                       galanin
galanteio                     galantei
gala~s                        gala~s
galdino                       galdin
galembeck                     galembeck
galera                        gal
galeras                       gal
galeria                       gal
galerias                      gal
galgando                      galg
galho                         galh
galhos                        galh
galilei                       galil
galileu                       galil
galinha                       galinh
galinhas                      galinh
galisteu                      galist
gall                          gall
galliano                      gallian
gallup                        gallup
galo                          gal
galopante                     galopant
galope                        galop
galos                         gal
galpa~o                       galpa~
galpo~es                      galpo~
galtier                       galti
galtieri                      galtier
galuppo                       galupp
galva~o                       galva~
galvez                        galvez
gam                           gam
gama                          gam
gama~o                        gama~
gamba'                        gamb
gambino                       gambin
game                          gam
games                         gam
gana                          gan
gana^ncia                     gana^nc
gananciosos                   gananc
gancho                        ganch
gandra                        gandr
gangorra                      gangorr
ga^ngsteres                   ga^ngst
gangue                        gang
gangues                       gangu
ganha                         ganh
ganhado                       ganh
ganhador                      ganhador
ganham                        ganh
ganhamos                      ganh
ganhando                      ganh
ganhar                        ganh
ganharam                      ganh
ganhara~o                     ganh
ganharem                      ganh
ganharia                      ganh
ganhariam                     ganh
ganhas                        ganh
ganhassem                     ganh
ganhava                       ganh
ganhavam                      ganh
ganhe                         ganh
ganhei                        ganh
ganhem                        ganh
ganho                         ganh
ganhos                        ganh
ganhou                        ganh
ganon                         ganon
gantois                       ganto
garagem                       garag
garagens                      garagens
garambone                     garambon
garanha~o                     garanha~
garanta                       garant
garantam                      garant
garante                       garant
garantem                      garant
garantia                      garant
garantias                     garant
garantida                     garant
garantidas                    garant
garantido                     garant
garantidos                    garant
garantindo                    garant
garantir                      garant
garantiria                    garant
garantiriam                   garant
garantiu                      garant
garanto                       garant
garbo                         garb
garbosos                      garbos
garc,a                        garc
garc,as                       garc
garcia                        garc
garci'a                       garci'
garc,om                       garc,om
garc,ons                      garc,ons
gardenal                      gardenal
gardenberg                    gardenberg
gardner                       gardn
gargalhada                    gargalh
gargalhadas                   gargalh
garganta                      gargant
garibada                      garib
garibaldi                     garibald
garimpados                    garimp
garimpando                    garimp
garimpavam                    garimp
garimpeiros                   garimpeir
garimpo                       garimp
garimpos                      garimp
garmatter                     garmatt
garoa                         garo
garota                        garot
garotada                      garot
garotas                       garot
garotinha                     garotinh
garotinho                     garotinh
garotinhos                    garotinh
garoto                        garot
garoto~es                     garoto~
garotos                       garot
garrafa                       garraf
garrafada                     garraf
garrafas                      garraf
garrafinha                    garrafinh
garrafinhas                   garrafinh
garranchos                    garranch
garras                        garr
garrincha                     garrinch
garros                        garr
garry                         garry
gartner                       gartn
garton                        garton
gary                          gary
ga's                          ga's
gases                         gas
gasolina                      gasolin
gasparetto                    gasparett
gaspari                       gaspar
gasta                         gast
gastadora                     gastador
gastadores                    gastador
gastam                        gast
gastando                      gast
gasta~o                       gasta~
gastar                        gast
gastara'                      gast
gastarem                      gast
gastaria                      gast
gastas                        gast
gastava                       gast
gasta'vamos                   gast
gaste                         gast
gasto                         gast
gastos                        gast
gastou                        gast
ga'strico                     ga'stric
gastrite                      gastrit
gastrointestinais             gastrointestin
gastrointestinal              gastrointestinal
gastronomia                   gastronom
gastrono^mica                 gastrono^m
gastrono^micas                gastrono^m
gastrono^mico                 gastrono^m
gate                          gat
gates                         gat
gatilho                       gatilh
gato                          gat
gatos                         gat
gatunagem                     gatunag
gau'cha                       gau'ch
gaucher                       gauch
gau'cho                       gau'ch
gauderer                      gauder
gaulle                        gaull
gaullista                     gaullist
gaultier                      gaulti
ga'vea                        ga'v
gaveta                        gavet
gavetas                       gavet
gavio                         gavi
gavio~es                      gavio~
gay                           gay
gays                          gays
gaza                          gaz
gazeta                        gazet
gazolla                       gazoll
gb                            gb
ge                            ge
geada                         gead
geadas                        gead
gehorke                       gehork
ge'is                         ge'is
geisel                        geisel
gel                           gel
gelada                        gel
geladas                       gel
geladeira                     geladeir
geladeiras                    geladeir
gelado                        gel
gelatinosa                    gelatin
gele'ia                       gel
geller                        gell
gelo                          gel
gelol                         gelol
ge^mea                        ge^m
ge^meas                       ge^m
ge^meos                       ge^m
gemidos                       gem
gen                           gen
gencor                        gencor
gene                          gen
genealogia                    genealog
genebra                       genebr
generais                      gener
general                       general
generalizac,a~o               generaliz
generalizada                  generaliz
generalizado                  generaliz
generalizados                 generaliz
generis                       gener
ge^nero                       ge^ner
ge^neros                      ge^ner
generosa                      gener
generosamente                 gener
generosidade                  generos
generoso                      gener
generosos                     gener
genes                         gen
genesis                       genes
ge^nesis                      ge^nes
genetic                       genetic
gene'tica                     gene't
geneticamente                 genet
gene'ticas                    gene't
geneticista                   genetic
gene'tico                     gene't
gene'ticos                    gene't
gengibre                      gengibr
geni                          gen
geniais                       geni
genial                        genial
genialidade                   genial
ge^nica                       ge^nic
geniculado                    genicul
geni'culos                    geni'cul
genildo                       genild
ge^nio                        ge^ni
ge^nios                       ge^ni
genitais                      genit
genital                       genital
genita'lia                    genita'l
genival                       genival
genivaldo                     genivald
genoci'dio                    genoci'di
genoma                        genom
genomas                       genom
genomic                       genomic
genove^s                      genove^s
genovese                      genoves
genoveses                     genoves
genro                         genr
gente                         gent
gentil                        gentil
gentileza                     gentil
gentilmente                   gentil
genui'na                      genui'n
genuinamente                  genuin
genui'no                      genui'n
genui'nos                     genui'n
genus                         genus
geny                          geny
geofi'sico                    geofi's
geografia                     geograf
geogra'fica                   geogra'f
geograficamente               geograf
geogra'ficas                  geogra'f
geogra'ficos                  geogra'f
geologia                      geolog
geolo'gicas                   geolo'g
geome'tricos                  geome'tr
geopoli'tico                  geopoli't
george                        georg
georges                       georg
georgetown                    georgetown
georgette                     georgett
geo'rgia                      geo'rg
gera                          ger
gerac,a~o                     gerac,a~
gerac,o~es                    gerac,o~
gerada                        ger
geradas                       ger
gerado                        ger
gerador                       gerador
geradora                      gerador
geradoras                     gerador
gerados                       ger
gerais                        ger
geral                         geral
gerald                        gerald
geraldo                       gerald
geralmente                    geral
geram                         ger
gerando                       ger
gerar                         ger
geraram                       ger
gerardus                      gerardus
geraria                       ger
gerdau                        gerdau
gere                          ger
gerencia                      gerenc
gere^ncia                     gere^nc
gerenciado                    gerenc
gerencial                     gerencial
gerenciam                     gerenc
gerenciamento                 gerenc
gerenciar                     gerenc
gerente                       gerent
gerentes                      gerent
gergelim                      gergelim
geriavit                      geriavit
geringonc,a                   geringonc
gerir                         ger
germano                       german
gero                          ger
gerou                         ger
gerson                        gerson
ge'rson                       ge'rson
gerusa                        gerus
gesner                        gesn
gesso                         gess
gestante                      gestant
gestantes                     gestant
gesta~o                       gesta~
gesticula                     gesticul
gesticulava                   gesticul
gesto                         gest
gestor                        gestor
gestores                      gestor
gestos                        gest
getu'lio                      getu'li
gft                           gft
gg                            gg
gher                          gher
ghia                          ghi
gholmia                       gholm
ghorayeb                      ghorayeb
ghost                         ghost
giacomo                       giacom
gianetti                      gianett
gianfrancesco                 gianfrancesc
giangrande                    giangrand
gianinni                      gianinn
gianne                        giann
gianni                        giann
giannini                      giannin
giardini                      giardin
gif                           gif
gigabytes                     gigabyt
gigante                       gigant
gigantes                      gigant
gigantesca                    gigantesc
gigantescas                   gigantesc
gigantesco                    gigantesc
gigolozinho                   gigolozinh
gil                           gil
gilbert                       gilbert
gilberto                      gilbert
gillespie                     gillespi
gilmar                        gilm
gilney                        gilney
gilson                        gilson
gim                           gim
gimenes                       gimen
gina'sio                      gina'si
ginasta                       ginast
gina'stica                    gina'st
ginecologia                   ginecolog
ginecolo'gica                 ginecolo'g
ginecologista                 ginecolog
ginga                         ging
ginola                        ginol
giorgio                       giorgi
giovane                       giovan
giovanna                      giovann
giovanni                      giovann
gira                          gir
girafinhas                    girafinh
giraldez                      giraldez
girar                         gir
girato'rio                    girato'ri
girava                        gir
giro                          gir
girsz                         girsz
gisela                        gisel
giselda                       giseld
gisele                        gisel
giuletta                      giulett
giulia                        giul
giuliani                      giulian
giuseppe                      giusepp
giz                           giz
glamour                       glamour
glamourizar                   glamouriz
gla^ndulas                    gla^ndul
glasgow                       glasgow
glat                          glat
glauco                        glauc
gleason                       gleason
glenda                        glend
glenn                         glenn
glepf                         glepf
glico'lico                    glico'l
glicoprotei'nas               glicoprotei'n
glicose                       glicos
glina                         glin
glinardello                   glinardell
globais                       glob
global                        global
globalizac,a~o                globaliz
globalizada                   globaliz
globalizado                   globaliz
globalizaram                  globaliz
globalmente                   global
globe                         glob
globeleza                     globel
globo                         glob
globonews                     globonews
glo'bulos                     glo'bul
glombek                       glombek
gloria                        glor
glo'ria                       glo'r
glo'rias                      glo'r
glorificac,a~o                glorific
glorificam                    glorific
gloriosa                      glorios
glossa'rio                    glossa'ri
gls                           gls
gluck                         gluck
glutamato                     glutamat
glu'teos                      glu't
gm                            gm
gnatalli                      gnatall
go                            go
goa                           goa
gobbi                         gobb
god                           god
godo'i                        godo'
godoy                         godoy
godzilla                      godzill
goering                       goering
go'es                         go'es
goi                           goi
goiabada                      goiab
goia^nia                      goia^n
goiano                        goian
goia's                        goia's
going                         going
gol                           gol
golbery                       golbery
goldberg                      goldberg
goldblatt                     goldblatt
goldblum                      goldblum
golden                        golden
goldin                        goldin
goldoni                       goldon
gole                          gol
goleada                       gol
goleiro                       goleir
goles                         gol
golfe                         golf
golfinhos                     golfinh
golfo                         golf
gollop                        gollop
golpe                         golp
golpes                        golp
golpista                      golpist
golpistas                     golpist
gols                          gols
golubic                       golubic
gomes                         gom
gompas                        gomp
gonc,alo                      gonc,al
gonc,alves                    gonc,alv
gonodal                       gonodal
gonzaga                       gonzag
gonzales                      gonzal
gonzalez                      gonzalez
gonzalo                       gonzal
gorda                         gord
gordas                        gord
gordinha                      gordinh
gordinhas                     gordinh
gordinho                      gordinh
gordinhos                     gordinh
gordo                         gord
gordos                        gord
gorduchos                     gorduch
gordura                       gordur
gordura~o                     gordura~
gorduras                      gordur
gordurinha                    gordurinh
gordurosas                    gordur
gordurosos                    gordur
gorgulho                      gorgulh
gorila                        goril
goro'                         gor
gospel                        gospel
gosta                         gost
gostado                       gost
gostam                        gost
gostamos                      gost
gostando                      gost
gostar                        gost
gostaram                      gost
gostaria                      gost
gostariam                     gost
gostasse                      gost
gostassem                     gost
gostava                       gost
gostavam                      gost
gosta'vamos                   gost
gostei                        gost
gostem                        gost
gostinho                      gostinh
gosto                         gost
gostos                        gost
gostosa                       gostos
gostosamente                  gostos
gostoso                       gostos
gostou                        gost
gota                          got
gotas                         got
gotinha                       gotinh
gotinhas                      gotinh
gott                          gott
gotti                         gott
goulart                       goulart
gourmet                       gourmet
gouvea                        gouv
gouve^a                       gouv
gov                           gov
governa                       govern
governada                     govern
governado                     govern
governador                    govern
governadores                  govern
governados                    govern
governamentais                governament
governamental                 governamental
governantes                   governant
governar                      govern
governaram                    govern
governista                    govern
governo                       govern
governos                      govern
governou                      govern
goza                          goz
gozador                       gozador
gozando                       goz
gozar                         goz
gozava                        goz
gozo                          goz
gozou                         goz
gps                           gps
gra~                          gra~
grac,a                        grac
grac,as                       grac
grace                         grac
graciliano                    gracilian
gracinha                      gracinh
gracioso                      gracios
gradativa                     gradat
gradativamente                gradat
grades                        grad
graduac,a~o                   graduac,a~
graduada                      gradu
graduado                      gradu
graduais                      gradu
gradual                       gradual
gradualmente                  gradual
graduando                     gradu
graf                          graf
grafar                        graf
grafias                       graf
gra'fica                      gra'fic
gra'ficas                     gra'fic
gra'fico                      gra'fic
gra'ficos                     gra'fic
grafista                      grafist
grafite                       grafit
grafites                      grafit
grafote'cnico                 grafote'cn
grahan                        grahan
gralha                        gralh
grama                         gram
gramado                       gram
gramados                      gram
gramas                        gram
grammont                      grammont
grampeadas                    gramp
grampeados                    gramp
grampeei                      gramp
grampo                        gramp
grampos                       gramp
grana                         gran
granada                       gran
granadas                      gran
granatieri                    granatier
grand                         grand
grande                        grand
grandemente                   grandement
grandes                       grand
grandeza                      grandez
grandiosa                     grandios
grando                        grand
grando~es                     grando~
graneleiro                    graneleir
grani'tica                    grani't
granito                       granit
granizo                       graniz
granja                        granj
grant                         grant
gra~o                         gra~
gra~os                        gra~
grape                         grap
grata                         grat
gratida~o                     gratida~
gratificado                   gratific
gratificante                  gratificant
gra'tis                       gra't
grato                         grat
gratuita                      gratuit
gratuitamente                 gratuit
gratuitas                     gratuit
gratuito                      gratuit
gratuitos                     gratuit
grau                          grau
graus                         graus
grava                         grav
gravac,a~o                    gravac,a~
gravac,o~es                   gravac,o~
gravada                       grav
gravadas                      grav
gravado                       grav
gravador                      gravador
gravadora                     gravador
gravadoras                    gravador
gravadores                    gravador
gravados                      grav
gravando                      grav
gravar                        grav
gravaram                      grav
gravata                       gravat
gravatas                      gravat
gravava                       grav
grave                         grav
gravemente                    gravement
graves                        grav
gravetos                      gravet
gra'vida                      gra'v
gravidade                     gravidad
gra'vidas                     gra'v
gravidez                      gravidez
gravitam                      gravit
gravitando                    gravit
gravou                        grav
gravuras                      gravur
graziano                      grazian
grease                        greas
grecco                        grecc
green                         green
greenpeace                    greenpeac
greenville                    greenvill
greenwich                     greenwich
grega                         greg
grego                         greg
gregoriano                    gregorian
grego'rio                     grego'ri
gregos                        greg
grelhadas                     grelh
grelhado                      grelh
grelhados                     grelh
grelhar                       grelh
gre^mio                       gre^mi
grendene                      grenden
greta                         gret
gretchen                      gretchen
greve                         grev
greves                        grev
grid                          grid
grife                         grif
grifes                        grif
griffe                        griff
griffes                       griff
grilo                         gril
grinalda                      grinald
grinbaum                      grinbaum
gripado                       grip
gripe                         grip
grisalho                      grisalh
grisi                         gris
grisolia                      grisol
grita                         grit
gritam                        grit
gritando                      grit
gritante                      gritant
gritantes                     gritant
gritar                        grit
gritaria                      grit
gritava                       grit
gritavam                      grit
grito                         grit
gritos                        grit
gritou                        grit
gros                          gros
grossa                        gross
grossas                       gross
grosseiros                    grosseir
grossense                     grossens
grosseria                     gross
grosso                        gross
grossos                       gross
grotesca                      grotesc
grotescos                     grotesc
groto                         grot
groto~es                      groto~
group                         group
grove                         grov
grozes                        groz
grudado                       grud
grudados                      grud
grudam                        grud
grunge                        grung
grupinho                      grupinh
grupo                         grup
grupos                        grup
gruta                         grut
guadalupe                     guadalup
guagliardi                    guagliard
guanabara                     guanab
guanabaras                    guanab
guanaes                       guana
guantchaco                    guantchac
guanxi                        guanx
guaraciaba                    guaraciab
guarana'                      guaran
guaranis                      guaran
guarapiranga                  guarapirang
guararema                     guararem
guarda                        guard
guarda'                       guard
guardada                      guard
guardadas                     guard
guardados                     guard
guardam                       guard
guardanapo                    guardanap
guardar                       guard
guardaram                     guard
guardas                       guard
guarde                        guard
guardei                       guard
guardo                        guard
guardou                       guard
guarita                       guarit
guarnic,a~o                   guarnic,a~
guarnieri                     guarnier
guaruja'                      guaruj
guarulhos                     guarulh
guaxuma                       guaxum
gucci                         gucc
guccione                      guccion
guedes                        gued
gueller                       guell
guerra                        guerr
guerras                       guerr
guerreira                     guerreir
guerreiro                     guerreir
guerreiros                    guerreir
guerrilha                     guerrilh
guerrilhas                    guerrilh
guerrilheira                  guerrilheir
guerrilheiro                  guerrilheir
guerrilheiros                 guerrilheir
guess                         guess
gueto                         guet
guetos                        guet
guevara                       guev
guevarista                    guevar
guevaristas                   guevar
guga                          gug
gugu                          gugu
guia                          gui
guia'                         gui
guiado                        gui
guiana                        guian
guiar                         gui
guias                         gui
guiche^                       guich
guide                         guid
guido                         guid
guignard                      guignard
guilherme                     guilherm
guilhon                       guilhon
guillaume                     guillaum
guillermo                     guillerm
guimara~es                    guimara~
guimil                        guimil
guinada                       guin
guincha                       guinch
guinchados                    guinch
guindastes                    guind
guine'                        guin
guinness                      guinness
guitarra                      guitarr
guitarrista                   guitarr
gul                           gul
gula                          gul
gulfstream                    gulfstr
gullit                        gullit
gullo                         gull
gullova                       gullov
gulosa                        gulos
guloseimas                    guloseim
gulosos                       gulos
gumes                         gum
gump                          gump
gu"nter                       gu"nter
gur                           gur
gurovitz                      gurovitz
guru                          guru
gurus                         gurus
gusma~o                       gusma~
gustativa                     gustat
gustavo                       gustav
guth                          guth
gutierrez                     gutierrez
guto                          gut
guzik                         guzik
guzzo                         guzz
gv                            gv
gyaoppi                       gyaopp
gyaoppis                      gyaopp
h                             h
ha'                           ha'
haar                          haar
habano                        haban
habeas                        hab
habeyche                      habeych
habilidade                    habil
habilidades                   habil
habilidosos                   habilid
habilitac,a~o                 habilit
habilitaram                   habilit
habitac,a~o                   habit
habitacionais                 habitacion
habitada                      habit
habitadas                     habit
habitado                      habit
habitam                       habit
habitante                     habitant
habitantes                    habitant
habitat                       habitat
ha'bitat                      ha'bitat
ha'bito                       ha'bit
ha'bitos                      ha'bit
habituado                     habitu
habituados                    habitu
habituais                     habitu
habitual                      habitual
habitualmente                 habitual
habituando                    habitu
habituou                      habitu
haddad                        haddad
hage                          hag
hagia                         hag
haja                          haj
hajj                          hajj
hall                          hall
halley                        halley
halpern                       halpern
hamburger                     hamburg
hamburgo                      hamburg
hamer                         ham
hamilton                      hamilton
hamlet                        hamlet
hammond                       hammond
hamuman                       hamuman
hangar                        hang
hangares                      hang
hanks                         hanks
hans                          hans
ha~o                          ha~
happy                         happy
hara                          har
harare                        harar
harazim                       harazim
harbor                        harbor
harding                       harding
hardware                      hardwar
hare'm                        hare'm
harley                        harley
harmonia                      harmon
harold                        harold
haroldo                       harold
harpa                         harp
harper                        harp
harrad                        harrad
harrison                      harrison
harry                         harry
hart                          hart
hartmann                      hartmann
harvard                       harvard
haryella                      haryell
hasta                         hast
haste                         hast
hatanaka                      hatanak
haten                         haten
hathaway                      hathaway
haupt                         haupt
haut                          haut
havai'                        hava
havana                        havan
havanas                       havan
havendo                       hav
haver                         hav
havera'                       hav
haveria                       hav
havia                         hav
haviam                        hav
havi'amos                     hav
havido                        hav
haxixe                        haxix
hay                           hay
hayde'e                       hayde'
hazen                         hazen
hbp                           hbp
hdl                           hdl
hea                           hea
headhunter                    headhunt
headhunting                   headhunting
heavy                         heavy
hebe                          heb
hebraica                      hebraic
hebraico                      hebraic
hebraicos                     hebraic
hebron                        hebron
hecatombe                     hecatomb
hectare                       hectar
hectares                      hect
hector                        hector
hedgus                        hedgus
hediondo                      hediond
hedonismo                     hedon
hedonista                     hedon
hegemonia                     hegemon
hegou                         heg
hein                          hein
heinrich                      heinrich
heitor                        heitor
helde                         held
helen                         helen
helena                        helen
he'le`ne                      he'le`n
hele^nica                     hele^n
helico'ptero                  helico'pter
helico'pteros                 helico'pter
helio                         heli
he'lio                        he'li
heliodora                     heliodor
helio'polis                   helio'pol
helmut                        helmut
heloisa                       helois
help                          help
helve'cio                     helve'ci
hemingway                     hemingway
hemisfe'rio                   hemisfe'ri
hemocromatose                 hemocromatos
hemofilia                     hemofil
hemorragia                    hemorrag
hemorragias                   hemorrag
henderson                     henderson
hendricks                     hendricks
hendrix                       hendrix
henfil                        henfil
henrique                      henriqu
henriques                     henriqu
henry                         henry
hepa'tica                     hepa't
hepa'ticas                    hepa't
hepatite                      hepatit
hepburn                       hepburn
hera                          her
heranc,a                      heranc
heranc,as                     heranc
herbarium                     herbarium
herbert                       herbert
herchcovich                   herchcovich
herchcovitch                  herchcovitch
herculano                     herculan
he'rcules                     he'rcul
herdadas                      herd
herdar                        herd
herdeira                      herdeir
herdeiras                     herdeir
herdeiro                      herdeir
herdeiros                     herdeir
herdou                        herd
heredita'ria                  heredita'r
hereditariamente              hereditari
heredita'rias                 heredita'r
heredita'rio                  heredita'ri
heredita'rios                 heredita'ri
hereges                       hereg
heresia                       heres
hermann                       hermann
hermeticamente                hermet
hermitage                     hermitag
hermon                        hermon
hernandes                     hernand
he'rnia                       he'rn
herodes                       herod
hero'i                        hero'
hero'icas                     hero'ic
hero'icos                     hero'ic
heroi'na                      heroi'n
hero'is                       hero'
heron                         heron
herrmann                      herrmann
herton                        herton
herzog                        herzog
hesita                        hesit
hesitac,a~o                   hesit
hesitam                       hesit
hesitou                       hesit
heslander                     hesland
hespanha                      hespanh
heston                        heston
hetero                        heter
heterodoxos                   heterodox
heterossexuais                heterossexu
heterossexual                 heterossexual
hewlett                       hewlett
heymann                       heymann
hidrante                      hidrant
hidrata                       hidrat
hidratac,a~o                  hidrat
hidratam                      hidrat
hidratante                    hidratant
hidratantes                   hidratant
hidra'ulica                   hidra'ul
hidra'ulico                   hidra'ul
hidrele'trica                 hidrele'tr
hidroavia~o                   hidroavia~
hidroge^nio                   hidroge^ni
hidrogina'stica               hidrogina'st
hidroterapia                  hidroterap
hidrovia                      hidrov
hierarquia                    hierarqu
hierarquias                   hierarqu
hiero'glifos                  hiero'glif
high                          high
higiene                       higien
higienicamente                higien
higieno'polis                 higieno'pol
higuera                       higu
hijo                          hij
hilariante                    hilariant
hila'rios                     hila'ri
hilda                         hild
hildete                       hildet
hilleshein                    hilleshein
hills                         hills
hilton                        hilton
hilux                         hilux
himachal                      himachal
himalaia                      himala
hindui'stas                   hindui'st
hino                          hin
hio'ide                       hio'id
hiperica~o                    hiperica~
hipericina                    hipericin
hipe'rico                     hipe'r
hiperinflac,a~o               hiperinfl
hiperinsulinemia              hiperinsulinem
hiperpigmentac,a~o            hiperpigment
hiperplasia                   hiperplas
hipertensa~o                  hipertensa~
hipertrofiado                 hipertrofi
hipertrofina                  hipertrofin
hi'pica                       hi'pic
hi'pico                       hi'pic
hipnotiza                     hipnotiz
hipnotizador                  hipnotiz
hipnotizar                    hipnotiz
hipocampo                     hipocamp
hipocrisia                    hipocris
hipofagin                     hipofagin
hipoglo's                     hipoglo's
hipopo'tamos                  hipopo't
hipota'lamo                   hipota'lam
hipo'tese                     hipo'tes
hipo'teses                    hipo'tes
hipoteticamente               hipotet
hippie                        hippi
hiroshima                     hiroshim
hispa^nicos                   hispa^n
histerectomia                 histerectom
histerectomias                histerectom
histeria                      hist
histe'rica                    histe'r
histe'rico                    histe'r
histe'ricos                   histe'r
histerismo                    hister
histopatolo'gico              histopatolo'g
histo'ria                     histo'r
historiador                   histori
historiadora                  histori
historiadores                 histori
histo'rias                    histo'r
histo'rica                    histo'r
historicamente                histor
histo'ricas                   histo'r
histo'rico                    histo'r
histo'ricos                   histo'r
hit                           hit
hititas                       hitit
hitler                        hitl
hits                          hits
hiv                           hiv
hlx                           hlx
hoare                         hoar
hobbies                       hobbi
hobby                         hobby
hobsbawn                      hobsbawn
hochgraf                      hochgraf
hochschild                    hochschild
hoffa                         hoff
hoffman                       hoffman
hohendorff                    hohendorff
hoje                          hoj
holanda                       holand
holande^s                     holande^s
holandesa                     holandes
holandeses                    holandes
holding                       holding
holerite                      holerit
holerites                     holerit
holi'stica                    holi'st
hollanda                      holland
hollywood                     hollywood
hollywoodiano                 hollywoodian
hollywoodianos                hollywoodian
holofotes                     holofot
holtz                         holtz
holyfield                     holyfield
home                          hom
homem                         hom
homems                        homems
homenagea'                    homenag
homenageado                   homenag
homenagear                    homenag
homenageia                    homenag
homenagem                     homenag
homenagens                    homenagens
homens                        homens
homeopata                     homeopat
homeopatas                    homeopat
homeopatia                    homeopat
homeopatias                   homeopat
homeopa'ticas                 homeopa't
homeopa'tico                  homeopa't
homeopa'ticos                 homeopa't
home'ricos                    home'r
homero                        homer
homici'dio                    homici'di
homici'dios                   homici'di
homoerotismo                  homoerot
homoge^nea                    homoge^n
homologac,a~o                 homolog
homologac,o~es                homolog
homologado                    homolog
homologar                     homolog
homologaram                   homolog
homologou                     homolog
homologuei                    homologu
homo^nima                     homo^nim
homossexuais                  homossexu
homossexual                   homossexual
homossexualidade              homossexual
homossexualismo               homossexual
honda                         hond
honesta                       honest
honestamente                  honest
honestidade                   honest
honesto                       honest
hong                          hong
honolulu                      honolulu
honora'rios                   honora'ri
honorato                      honorat
honorilton                    honorilton
honra                         honr
honram                        honr
honrando                      honr
honrar                        honr
honraria                      honr
honrosa                       honros
honroso                       honros
honrosos                      honros
honrou                        honr
hood                          hood
hooki                         hook
hooligans                     hooligans
hopkins                       hopkins
hora                          hor
hora'ria                      hora'r
hora'rio                      hora'ri
hora'rios                     hora'ri
horas                         hor
hordas                        hord
horgan                        horgan
horizontal                    horizontal
horizonte                     horizont
horizontes                    horizont
hormonais                     hormon
hormonal                      hormonal
hormo^nio                     hormo^ni
hormo^nios                    hormo^ni
hormonioterapia               hormonioterap
horner                        horn
horripilante                  horripilant
horri'veis                    horri'v
horri'vel                     horri'vel
horror                        horror
horrores                      horror
horrorosa                     horror
horroroso                     horror
horst                         horst
horta                         hort
hospeda                       hosped
hospedagem                    hospedag
hospedar                      hosped
hospedava                     hosped
ho'spedes                     ho'sped
hospedou                      hosped
hospi'cio                     hospi'ci
hospitais                     hospit
hospital                      hospital
hospitalar                    hospital
hospitalares                  hospital
hospitaleiro                  hospitaleir
hospitalidade                 hospital
hostes                        host
hostil                        hostil
hostilidade                   hostil
hostilidades                  hostil
hote'is                       hot
hotel                         hotel
hotelaria                     hotel
hoteleira                     hoteleir
hoteleiro                     hoteleir
hour                          hour
house                         hous
houston                       houston
houve                         houv
houver                        houv
houvesse                      houv
how                           how
howard                        howard
hoy                           hoy
hpb                           hpb
hpp                           hpp
hsbc                          hsbc
htm                           htm
html                          html
http                          http
huambo                        huamb
huapi                         huap
hub                           hub
hubert                        hubert
hucitec                       hucitec
hudson                        hudson
hue                           hue
hugel                         hugel
hugh                          hugh
hughes                        hugh
hugo                          hug
huis                          huis
human                         human
humana                        human
humanas                       human
humanidade                    human
humanista                     human
humani'stica                  humani'st
humanita'rios                 humanita'ri
humano                        human
humanos                       human
humberto                      humbert
humildade                     humildad
humilde                       humild
humildemente                  humild
humildes                      humild
humilhac,a~o                  humilh
humilhado                     humilh
humilhante                    humilhant
humm                          humm
hummm                         hummm
humor                         humor
humorada                      humor
humoradi'ssima                humoradi'ssim
humorado                      humor
humorados                     humor
humorismo                     humor
humorista                     humor
humoristas                    humor
hun                           hun
hu'ngaro                      hu'ngar
huno                          hun
huntington                    huntington
hunts                         hunts
hurd                          hurd
hurley                        hurley
hurried                       hurried
hussein                       hussein
huster                        hust
hut                           hut
hutton                        hutton
hwa                           hwa
hyde                          hyde
hypericum                     hypericum
hystera                       hyster
i                             i
ia                            ia
iacocca                       iacocc
iacomini                      iacomin
iain                          iain
ialorixa'                     ialorix
iam                           iam
i'amos                        i'am
ian                           ian
ianques                       ianqu
iansa~                        iansa~
iaque                         iaqu
iara                          iar
iate                          iat
ibama                         ibam
ibase                         ibas
ibep                          ibep
ibere^                        iber
ibge                          ibge
ibirapuera                    ibirapu
ibiu'na                       ibiu'n
ibiza                         ibiz
iblon                         iblon
ibm                           ibm
ibope                         ibop
ibrahim                       ibrahim
ica                           ica
ic,ando                       ic,and
icarai'                       icara
i'caro                        i'car
iceberg                       iceberg
icms                          icms
i'cone                        i'con
i'cones                       i'con
iconoclasta                   iconoclast
ics                           ics
ida                           ida
idade                         idad
idades                        idad
idas                          idas
ideais                        ide
ideal                         ideal
idealistas                    ideal
idealizac,a~o                 idealiz
idealizado                    idealiz
idealizador                   idealiz
idealizadores                 idealiz
idealizados                   idealiz
idealizou                     idealiz
ide'ia                        ide'
ide'ias                       ide'
idelcio                       idelci
ideli                         idel
idem                          idem
ide^ntica                     ide^nt
ide^nticas                    ide^nt
ide^ntico                     ide^nt
ide^nticos                    ide^nt
identidade                    ident
identidades                   ident
identifica                    identif
identifica'                   identific
identificac,a~o               identific
identificada                  identific
identificadas                 identific
identificado                  identific
identificados                 identific
identificam                   identific
identificando                 identific
identificar                   identific
identificaram                 identific
identificasse                 identific
identificassem                identific
identificou                   identific
identifique                   identifiqu
identifiquei                  identifiqu
ideologia                     ideolog
ideologias                    ideolog
ideolo'gica                   ideolo'g
ideologicamente               ideolog
ideolo'gicas                  ideolo'g
ideolo'gico                   ideolo'g
ideolo'gicos                  ideolo'g
idesp                         idesp
idh                           idh
idioma                        idiom
idiomas                       idiom
idiota                        idiot
idiotice                      idiotic
ido                           ido
idolatrados                   idolatr
idolatria                     idolatr
i'dolo                        i'dol
i'dolos                       i'dol
ido^neo                       ido^n
idoso                         idos
idosos                        idos
iemanja'                      iemanj
ie^men                        ie^men
ifa'                          ifa'
igarape'                      igarap
ignacio                       ignaci
igna'cio                      igna'ci
ignorada                      ignor
ignoradas                     ignor
ignorado                      ignor
ignorados                     ignor
ignoram                       ignor
ignora^ncia                   ignora^nc
ignorando                     ignor
ignorante                     ignorant
ignorar                       ignor
igor                          igor
igreja                        igrej
igrejas                       igrej
iguac,u                       iguac,u
iguais                        igu
igual                         igual
igualitarismo                 igualitar
igualmente                    igual
iguaria                       igu
iguatemi                      iguatem
ih                            ih
ii                            ii
iii                           iii
ike                           ike
il                            il
ilac,o~es                     ilac,o~
ilari                         ilar
ilarie^                       ilari
ildeo                         ilde
ile                           ile
ile^                          ile^
ilegais                       ileg
ilegal                        ilegal
ilegalidade                   ilegal
ilegalidades                  ilegal
ilegalmente                   ilegal
ilesa                         iles
ileso                         iles
ilesos                        iles
iletrada                      iletr
iletrados                     iletr
ilha                          ilha
ilhas                         ilhas
ilhe'us                       ilhe'us
ilhota                        ilhot
ili'cita                      ili'cit
ili'citas                     ili'cit
ilimitados                    ilimit
illimani                      illiman
illyccaffe'                   illyccaff
ilm                           ilm
ilma                          ilma
ilson                         ilson
iludem                        ilud
ilumina                       ilumin
iluminac,a~o                  ilumin
iluminada                     ilumin
iluminadas                    ilumin
iluminado                     ilumin
iluminador                    ilumin
iluminando                    ilumin
iluminar                      ilumin
iluminaram                    ilumin
ilusa~o                       ilusa~
ilusionista                   ilusion
iluso~es                      iluso~
ilustra                       ilustr
ilustra'                      ilustr
ilustrac,a~o                  ilustr
ilustrac,o~es                 ilustr
ilustrada                     ilustr
ilustrava                     ilustr
ilustre                       ilustr
ilustres                      ilustr
ilustrou                      ilustr
imaculados                    imacul
imaflora                      imaflor
image                         imag
imagem                        imag
imagens                       imagens
imagina                       imagin
imaginac,a~o                  imagin
imaginadas                    imagin
imaginam                      imagin
imaginando                    imagin
imaginar                      imagin
imaginaram                    imagin
imagina'ria                   imagina'r
imaginariam                   imagin
imagina'rio                   imagina'ri
imaginava                     imagin
imaginavam                    imagin
imagine                       imagin
imaginei                      imagin
imagino                       imagin
imaginou                      imagin
i'ma~s                        i'ma~s
imateriais                    imateri
imatura                       imatur
imaturo                       imatur
imbati'vel                    imbat
imbecil                       imbecil
imbro'glio                    imbro'gli
imbro'glios                   imbro'gli
imbui'do                      imbui'd
imc                           imc
imediac,o~es                  imedi
imediata                      imediat
imediatamente                 imediat
imediatas                     imediat
imediato                      imediat
imemoriais                    imemori
imensa                        imens
imensamente                   imens
imensas                       imens
imensida~o                    imensida~
imenso                        imens
imensos                       imens
imensura'vel                  imensur
imersa                        imers
imersa~o                      imersa~
imerso                        imers
imigrac,a~o                   imigr
imigrante                     imigrant
imigrantes                    imigrant
iminente                      iminent
imirim                        imirim
imita                         imit
imitac,a~o                    imit
imitac,o~es                   imit
imitado                       imit
imitadora                     imit
imitadores                    imit
imitam                        imit
imitando                      imit
imitar                        imit
imitava                       imit
imita'vel                     imit
iml                           iml
imobilia'ria                  imobilia'r
imobilia'rias                 imobilia'r
imobilia'rio                  imobilia'ri
imortal                       imortal
imortalidade                  imortal
imo'veis                      imo'v
imo'vel                       imo'vel
impacie^ncia                  impacent
impacientes                   impacient
impacta                       impact
impactante                    impactant
impacto                       impact
impactos                      impact
impaga'vel                    impag
imparcialidade                imparcial
impasse                       impass
impassi'vel                   impass
impeachment                   impeachment
impec,am                      impec
impeca'veis                   impec
impeca'vel                    impec
impecavelmente                impec
impeda^ncia                   impeda^nc
impede                        imped
impedem                       imped
impedia                       imped
impediam                      imped
impedido                      imped
impedidos                     imped
impedimento                   imped
impedindo                     imped
impedir                       imped
impediram                     imped
impedirmos                    imped
impedisse                     imped
impediu                       imped
impelidas                     impel
impensados                    impens
impensa'vel                   impens
impera                        imper
imperador                     imper
imperam                       imper
imperativo                    imper
imperativos                   imper
imperatriz                    imperatriz
impercepti'veis               impercepti'v
imperdoa'vel                  imperdo
imperfeic,a~o                 imperfeic,a~
imperfeic,o~es                imperfeic,o~
imperial                      imperial
imperialista                  imperial
impe'rio                      impe'ri
impe'rios                     impe'ri
impermea'veis                 imperm
imperou                       imper
impessoais                    impesso
i'mpeto                       i'mpet
i'mpetos                      i'mpet
impetrada                     impetr
impiedosa                     impied
impingir                      imping
implaca'veis                  implac
implaca'vel                   implac
implacavelmente               implac
implanta'                     implant
implantac,a~o                 implant
implantada                    implant
implantadas                   implant
implantado                    implant
implantados                   implant
implantar                     implant
implantaram                   implant
implantes                     implant
implantou                     implant
implementem                   implement
implica                       implic
implicac,o~es                 implic
implicam                      implic
implicara'                    implic
implicaria                    implic
impli'cita                    impli'cit
impli'cito                    impli'cit
implicou                      implic
implique                      impliqu
implodiria                    implod
implodiu                      implod
implorando                    implor
implorou                      implor
impo~e                        impo~
impondo                       impond
impone^ncia                   imponent
imponente                     imponent
imponha                       imponh
impopulares                   impopul
impopularidade                impopular
impor                         impor
importa                       import
importa'                      import
importac,a~o                  import
importac,o~es                 import
importada                     import
importadas                    import
importado                     import
importador                    import
importadora                   import
importadoras                  import
importadores                  import
importados                    import
importam                      import
importa^ncia                  importa^nc
importando                    import
importante                    important
importantes                   important
importanti'ssimo              importanti'ssim
importar                      import
importaram                    import
importassem                   import
importo                       import
importou                      import
impo^s                        impo^s
imposic,a~o                   imposic,a~
imposic,o~es                  imposic,o~
impossibilidade               impossibil
impossibilitado               impossibilit
impossibilitados              impossibilit
impossi'veis                  impossi'v
impossi'vel                   imposs
imposta                       impost
impostas                      impost
imposto                       impost
impostos                      impost
impote^ncia                   impotent
impotente                     impotent
impotentes                    impotent
impregnado                    impregn
imprensa                      imprens
imprensanet                   imprensanet
imprescindi'vel               imprescind
impressa                      impress
impressa~o                    impressa~
impressiona                   impression
impressiona'                  impression
impressionadi'ssimo           impressionadi'ssim
impressionados                impression
impressionante                impressionant
impressionantes               impressionant
impressionar                  impression
impressionistas               impression
impressionou                  impression
impresso~es                   impresso~
impressos                     impress
imprevide^ncia                imprevident
imprevisi'vel                 imprevis
imprevistos                   imprevist
imprime                       imprim
imprimiam                     imprim
imprimindo                    imprim
imprimir                      imprim
imprimiu                      imprim
improcedente                  improcedent
improdutivo                   improdut
imprope'rios                  imprope'ri
impropriedades                impropriedad
impro'prio                    impro'pri
improva'veis                  improv
improva'vel                   improv
improviso                     improvis
imprude^ncia                  imprudent
impulsionada                  impulsion
impulsionado                  impulsion
impulsionam                   impulsion
impulsiva                     impuls
impulsivamente                impuls
impulso                       impuls
impulsos                      impuls
impune                        impun
impunidade                    impun
impurezas                     impur
impusesse                     impus
imputada                      imput
imsdd                         imsdd
imundos                       imund
imune                         imun
imunologia                    imunolog
imunolo'gicas                 imunolo'g
in                            in
inabala'veis                  inabal
inabala'vel                   inabal
inabilidade                   inabil
inacabado                     inacab
inacabados                    inacab
inaceita'vel                  inaceit
ina'cio                       ina'ci
inacredita'veis               inacredit
inacredita'vel                inacredit
inadequac,a~o                 inadequ
inadequada                    inadequ
inadequado                    inadequ
inadia'vel                    inadi
inadimple^ncia                inadimplent
inadmissi'vel                 inadmiss
inalados                      inal
inalcanc,a'veis               inalcanc
inalcanc,a'vel                inalcanc
inamistosos                   inamist
inamovi'veis                  inamovi'v
inamps                        inamps
inativac,a~o                  inativ
inaudi'veis                   inaudi'v
inaugurac,a~o                 inaugur
inaugurada                    inaugur
inaugurado                    inaugur
inauguram                     inaugur
inauguranda                   inaugurand
inaugurar                     inaugur
inaugurou                     inaugur
inc                           inc
inca                          inca
incansa'vel                   incans
incapacidade                  incapac
incapacitados                 incapacit
incapacitar                   incapacit
incapaz                       incapaz
incapazes                     incapaz
incendiada                    incendi
incendiados                   incendi
incendia'rio                  incendia'ri
incendiavam                   incendi
ince^ndio                     ince^ndi
ince^ndios                    ince^ndi
incendiou                     incendi
incensada                     incens
incenso                       incens
incentiva                     incent
incentiva'                    incentiv
incentivado                   incentiv
incentivadora                 incentiv
incentivam                    incentiv
incentivamos                  incentiv
incentivando                  incentiv
incentivar                    incentiv
incentivem                    incentiv
incentivo                     incent
incentivos                    incent
incentivou                    incentiv
incerteza                     incert
incertezas                    incert
incerto                       incert
incessantes                   incessant
incesto                       incest
incestuosos                   incestu
inchac,o                      inchac
inchac,os                     inchac
inchadade                     inchadad
inchado                       inchad
inchados                      inchad
inchou                        inchou
incide                        incid
incide^ncia                   incident
incidente                     incident
incidentes                    incident
incipiente                    incipient
incipientes                   incipient
incisivo                      incis
inciso~es                     inciso~
inclemente                    inclement
inclinac,a~o                  inclin
inclinada                     inclin
inclinados                    inclin
inclinam                      inclin
inclinar                      inclin
inclinou                      inclin
inclua                        inclu
incluam                       inclu
incluem                       inclu
inclui                        inclu
inclui'                       inclu
inclui'a                      inclui'
inclui'da                     inclui'd
inclui'das                    inclui'd
inclui'do                     inclui'd
inclui'dos                    inclui'd
incluindo                     inclu
incluir                       inclu
inclui'ram                    inclui'r
incluirmos                    inclu
incluiu                       inclu
inclusa~o                     inclusa~
inclusive                     inclusiv
incluso                       inclus
inco'gnita                    inco'gnit
inco'gnito                    inco'gnit
incolor                       incolor
incomoda                      incomod
inco^moda                     inco^mod
incomodados                   incomod
incomodam                     incomod
incomodar                     incomod
incomodaram                   incomod
incomodarem                   incomod
incomodasse                   incomod
incomodo                      incomod
inco^modo                     inco^mod
incomodou                     incomod
incomparavelmente             incompar
incompati'veis                incompati'v
incompati'vel                 incompat
incompete^ncia                incompetent
incompetente                  incompetent
incompetentes                 incompetent
incompleta                    incomplet
incompreendida                incompreend
incompreensa~o                incompreensa~
incomum                       incomum
incomunicabilidade            incomunic
incomunica'vel                incomunic
incomuns                      incomuns
inconclusa                    inconclus
inconclusivas                 inconclus
incondicionalmente            incondicional
inconformada                  inconform
inconformado                  inconform
inconformados                 inconform
incongruente                  incongruent
inconscie^ncia                inconscent
inconsciente                  inconscient
inconscientemente             inconscient
inconseque^ncia               inconsequent
inconstitucional              inconstitucional
inconta'veis                  incont
incontesta'veis               incontest
incontida                     incont
incontine^ncia                incontinent
incontrola'veis               incontrol
incontrola'vel                incontrol
incontroversas                incontrovers
inconvenientes                inconvenient
incor                         incor
incorpora                     incorpor
incorpora'                    incorpor
incorporac,a~o                incorpor
incorporada                   incorpor
incorporado                   incorpor
incorporadores                incorpor
incorporados                  incorpor
incorporam                    incorpor
incorporando                  incorpor
incorporar                    incorpor
incorporaram                  incorpor
incorporo                     incorpor
incorporou                    incorpor
incorreta                     incorret
incorreto                     incorret
incra                         incra
incredulidade                 incredul
incre'dulo                    incre'dul
incrementados                 increment
incrementar                   increment
incrementaram                 increment
incriminadora                 incrimin
incri'veis                    incri'v
incri'vel                     incri'vel
incrivelmente                 incrivel
incrustado                    incrust
incubac,a~o                   incub
incumbe^ncia                  incumbent
incumbido                     incumb
incura'veis                   incur
incura'vel                    incur
incu'ria                      incu'r
incursa~o                     incursa~
incurso~es                    incurso~
indaga                        indag
indagac,a~o                   indag
indagac,o~es                  indag
indagaria                     indag
indagava                      indag
indarte                       indart
indecentes                    indecent
indecifra'vel                 indecifr
indeciso                      indecis
indecisos                     indecis
indefecti'vel                 indefect
indefensa'vel                 indefens
indefinic,o~es                indefinic,o~
indefinido                    indefin
indenizac,a~o                 indeniz
indenizac,o~es                indeniz
indenizadas                   indeniz
indenizado                    indeniz
indenizaram                   indeniz
independence                  independenc
independe^ncia                independent
independendo                  independ
independent                   independent
independente                  independent
independentemente             independent
independentes                 independent
indescriti'vel                indescrit
indeseja'vel                  indesej
indeterminado                 indetermin
indevidamente                 indevid
indevido                      indev
index                         index
i'ndia                        i'ndi
indiana                       indian
indiana'polis                 indiana'pol
indianas                      indian
indiano                       indian
indianos                      indian
i'ndias                       i'ndi
indica                        indic
indicac,a~o                   indic
indicac,o~es                  indic
indicada                      indic
indicadas                     indic
indicado                      indic
indicador                     indic
indicadores                   indic
indicados                     indic
indicam                       indic
indicando                     indic
indicar                       indic
indicaria                     indic
indicativo                    indic
indicator                     indicator
indicava                      indic
indicavam                     indic
i'ndice                       i'ndic
i'ndices                      i'ndic
indi'cio                      indi'ci
indi'cios                     indi'ci
indiciou                      indic
indico                        indic
i'ndico                       i'ndic
indicou                       indic
indiferenc,a                  indiferenc
indiferente                   indiferent
indiferentes                  indiferent
indi'gena                     indi'gen
indi'genas                    indi'gen
indige^ncia                   indigent
indigesta~o                   indigesta~
indignac,a~o                  indign
indignada                     indign
indignado                     indign
indignou                      indign
indigo                        indig
i'ndio                        i'ndi
i'ndios                       i'ndi
indireta                      indiret
indiretamente                 indiret
indiretas                     indiret
indiretos                     indiret
indisciplina                  indisciplin
indiscreta                    indiscret
indiscretas                   indiscret
indiscriminada                indiscrimin
indiscriminadamente           indiscrimin
indiscuti'vel                 indiscut
indispensa'veis               indispens
indispensa'vel                indispens
indissolu'vel                 indissolu'vel
individuais                   individu
individual                    individual
individualidade               individual
individualismo                individual
individualista                individual
individualistas               individual
individualiza                 individualiz
individualizado               individualiz
individualmente               individual
indi'viduo                    indi'vidu
indivi'duo                    indivi'du
indivi'duos                   indivi'du
indizi'veis                   indizi'v
indo                          indo
i'ndole                       i'ndol
indomada                      indom
indoma'vel                    indom
indone'sia                    indone's
indulge^ncias                 indulgent
indumenta'ria                 indumenta'r
indu'stria                    indu'str
industriais                   industri
industrial                    industrial
industrializac,a~o            industrializ
industrializadas              industrializ
industrializado               industrializ
industrializados              industrializ
indu'strias                   indu'str
indusval                      indusval
induz                         induz
induzem                       induz
induzida                      induz
induzido                      induz
induzir                       induz
induzo                        induz
indy                          indy
ine'dita                      ine'dit
ineditismo                    inedit
ine'dito                      ine'dit
ine'ditos                     ine'dit
ineficaz                      ineficaz
ineficie^ncia                 ineficent
ineficie^ncias                ineficent
ineficientes                  ineficient
inega'veis                    ineg
inega'vel                     ineg
inei                          ine
ineluta'vel                   inelut
ine'pcia                      ine'pc
inequi'voca                   inequi'voc
inerte                        inert
ine`s                         ine`s
ine^s                         ine^s
inescrupuloso                 inescrupul
inesperada                    inesper
inesperadamente               inesper
inesperadas                   inesper
inesperado                    inesper
inestima'vel                  inestim
inevita'vel                   inevit
inevitavelmente               inevit
inexato                       inexat
inexistente                   inexistent
inexistentes                  inexistent
inexora'vel                   inexor
inexperiente                  inexperient
inexperientes                 inexperient
inexplica'veis                inexplic
inexplica'vel                 inexplic
inexpressiva                  inexpress
inf                           inf
infame                        infam
infa^ncia                     infa^nc
infantaria                    infant
infantil                      infantil
infantilizado                 infantiliz
infantilizados                infantiliz
infantis                      infant
infanto                       infant
infarta                       infart
infarto                       infart
infartos                      infart
infecc,a~o                    infecc,a~
infecc,o~es                   infecc,o~
infectadas                    infect
infectado                     infect
infectados                    infect
infectologista                infectolog
infelicidade                  infel
infeliz                       infeliz
infelizes                     infeliz
infelizmente                  infeliz
inferior                      inferior
inferiores                    inferior
inferioridade                 inferior
inferir                       infer
infernal                      infernal
inferninhos                   inferninh
inferno                       infern
infestada                     infest
infestam                      infest
infidelidade                  infidel
infie'is                      infi
infiel                        infiel
infiltra                      infiltr
infiltrac,o~es                infiltr
infiltrando                   infiltr
infiltrar                     infiltr
infiltrou                     infiltr
i'nfimo                       i'nfim
i'nfimos                      i'nfim
infinda'vel                   infind
infinidade                    infin
infinita                      infinit
infinitamente                 infinit
infinitas                     infinit
inflac,a~o                    inflac,a~
inflacionou                   inflacion
infladas                      inflad
inflamac,a~o                  inflam
inflamada                     inflam
inflamado                     inflam
inflamados                    inflam
inflamar                      inflam
inflamato'ria                 inflamato'r
inflama'veis                  inflam
inflama'vel                   inflam
inflexi'vel                   inflex
influencia                    influenc
influe^ncia                   influe^nc
influenciada                  influenc
influenciado                  influenc
influenciados                 influenc
influenciam                   influenc
influenciando                 influenc
influenciar                   influenc
influe^ncias                  influe^nc
influencia'vel                influenc
influenciem                   influenc
influencio                    influenci
influenciou                   influenc
influente                     influent
influentes                    influent
influi                        influ
influindo                     influ
influir                       influ
infogra'fico                  infogra'f
infolab                       infolab
informa                       inform
informac,                     informac
informac,a~o                  inform
informac,o~es                 inform
informada                     inform
informadas                    inform
informadi'ssimos              informadi'ss
informado                     inform
informados                    inform
informal                      informal
informalmente                 informal
informam                      inform
informando                    inform
informantes                   informant
informar                      inform
informaram                    inform
informa'tica                  informa't
information                   information
informativo                   inform
informativos                  inform
informatizac,a~o              informatiz
informatizada                 informatiz
informatizado                 informatiz
informatizou                  informatiz
informava                     inform
informe                       inform
informes                      inform
informestado                  informest
informou                      inform
infortunadamente              infortun
infoway                       infoway
infra                         infra
infrac,a~o                    infrac,a~
infrac,o~es                   infrac,o~
infratores                    infrator
infruti'feras                 infruti'f
infundada                     infund
infundadas                    infund
ing                           ing
ingen                         ingen
inge^nua                      inge^nu
ingenuidade                   ingenu
inge^nuo                      inge^nu
ingeri                        inger
ingerida                      inger
ingerido                      inger
ingeridos                     inger
ingerindo                     inger
ingerir                       inger
ingesta~o                     ingesta~
inglaterra                    inglaterr
ingle^s                       ingle^s
inglesa                       ingles
ingleses                      ingles
inglesi                       ingles
ingoverna'veis                ingovern
ingra                         ingra
ingrediente                   ingredient
ingredientes                  ingredient
i'ngreme                      i'ngrem
i'ngremes                     i'ngrem
ingressado                    ingress
ingressam                     ingress
ingressar                     ingress
ingresso                      ingress
ingressos                     ingress
ingrid                        ingrid
inibe                         inib
inibem                        inib
inibex                        inibex
inibidor                      inibidor
inibidores                    inibidor
inibidos                      inib
inibindo                      inib
inibir                        inib
inicia                        inic
iniciac,a~o                   inic
iniciada                      inic
iniciadas                     inic
iniciado                      inic
iniciados                     inic
iniciais                      inic
inicial                       inicial
inicialmente                  inicial
iniciam                       inic
iniciamos                     inic
iniciando                     inic
iniciante                     iniciant
iniciantes                    iniciant
iniciar                       inic
iniciaram                     inic
inicia'tico                   inicia't
iniciativa                    inic
iniciava                      inic
inicidente                    inicident
ini'cio                       ini'ci
iniciou                       inic
iniguala'vel                  inigual
inimagina'vel                 inimagin
inimiga                       inimig
inimigo                       inimig
inimigos                      inimig
inimizade                     inimizad
ininteligi'veis               ininteligi'v
ininterrupta                  ininterrupt
ininterruptamente             ininterrupt
ininterruptas                 ininterrupt
ininterruptos                 ininterrupt
injec,a~o                     injec,a~
injec,o~es                    injec,o~
injetada                      injet
injetado                      injet
injetados                     injet
injetar                       injet
injeta'vel                    injet
injustamente                  injust
injustic,a                    injustic
injustic,adas                 injustic
injustic,ado                  injustic
injusto                       injust
inoce^ncia                    inocent
inoce^ncio                    inoce^nci
inocente                      inocent
inocentes                     inocent
ino'cua                       ino'cu
ino'cuas                      ino'cu
inocular                      inocul
ino'cuo                       ino'cu
ino'cuos                      ino'cu
inoportuno                    inoportun
inoportunos                   inoportun
ino'spitas                    ino'spit
ino'spitos                    ino'spit
inovac,a~o                    inov
inovac,o~es                   inov
inovador                      inov
inovadora                     inov
inovando                      inov
inovar                        inov
inque'rito                    inque'rit
inque'ritos                   inque'rit
inquestiona'vel               inquestion
inquieta                      inquiet
inquietac,a~o                 inquiet
inquietac,o~es                inquiet
inquietante                   inquietant
inquieto                      inquiet
inquietos                     inquiet
inquisic,a~o                  inquisic,a~
insacia'vel                   insac
insana                        insan
insanidade                    insan
insatisfac,a~o                insatisf
insatisfato'ria               insatisfato'r
insatisfato'rias              insatisfato'r
insatisfazer                  insatisfaz
insatisfeito                  insatisfeit
insconstitucional             insconstitucional
inscrevem                     inscrev
inscrever                     inscrev
inscric,a~o                   inscric,a~
inscric,o~es                  inscric,o~
inscritos                     inscrit
insegura                      insegur
inseguranc,a                  inseguranc
inseguro                      insegur
insensatez                    insensatez
insensi'veis                  insensi'v
insepara'vel                  insepar
inserc,a~o                    inserc,a~
insere                        inser
inseri                        inser
inserido                      inser
insignifica^ncia              insignifica^nc
insignificante                insignificant
insignificantes               insignificant
insinua                       insinu
insinuac,o~es                 insinu
insinuando                    insinu
insinuar                      insinu
insinuara                     insinu
insista                       insist
insiste                       insist
insistem                      insist
insiste^ncia                  insistent
insistia                      insist
insistido                     insist
insistir                      insist
insistiu                      insist
inso'lito                     inso'lit
insolu'vel                    insolu'vel
insolve^ncia                  insolvent
insonda'vel                   insond
insones                       inson
inso^nia                      inso^n
insossa                       insoss
inspec,a~o                    inspec,a~
inspecionadas                 inspecion
inspecionam                   inspecion
inspecionar                   inspecion
inspetor                      inspetor
inspira                       inspir
inspirac,a~o                  inspir
inspirada                     inspir
inspiradas                    inspir
inspirado                     inspir
inspirador                    inspir
inspirados                    inspir
inspiram                      inspir
inspirar                      inspir
inspiraram                    inspir
inspirato'ria                 inspirato'r
inspirava                     inspir
inspiravam                    inspir
inspirou                      inspir
inss                          inss
instala                       instal
instalac,a~o                  instal
instalac,o~es                 instal
instalada                     instal
instaladas                    instal
instalado                     instal
instalados                    instal
instalam                      instal
instalando                    instal
instalar                      instal
instalara'                    instal
instalaram                    instal
instalarem                    instal
instalem                      instal
instalou                      instal
insta^ncia                    insta^nc
insta^ncias                   insta^nc
instanta^nea                  instanta^n
instanta^neo                  instanta^n
instante                      instant
instantes                     instant
instaurado                    instaur
insta'veis                    insta'v
insta'vel                     insta'vel
instigante                    instigant
instintiva                    instint
instinto                      instint
institucionalizar             institucionaliz
instituic,a~o                 instituic,a~
instituic,o~es                instituic,o~
institui'da                   institui'd
institui'do                   institui'd
instituir                     institu
instituiu                     institu
institute                     institut
institution                   institution
institutional                 institutional
instituto                     institut
institutos                    institut
instruc,a~o                   instruc,a~
instruc,o~es                  instruc,o~
instrui'dos                   instrui'd
instrumentais                 instrument
instrumental                  instrumental
instrumentalizadas            instrumentaliz
instrumentista                instrument
instrumento                   instrument
instrumentos                  instrument
instrutivas                   instrut
instrutor                     instrutor
instrutores                   instrutor
insubstitui'vel               insubstitu
insucesso                     insucess
insuficie^ncia                insuficent
insuficiente                  insuficient
insuficientes                 insuficient
insulina                      insulin
insultando                    insult
insupera'veis                 insuper
insupera'vel                  insuper
insuporta'vel                 insuport
insurgiram                    insurg
insurreic,a~o                 insurreic,a~
insustenta'vel                insustent
intacta                       intact
intacto                       intact
intangi'vel                   intang
intatas                       intat
inte                          inte
integra                       integr
i'ntegra                      i'ntegr
integra'                      integr
integrac,a~o                  integr
integrada                     integr
integrado                     integr
integradora                   integr
integrados                    integr
integrais                     integr
integral                      integral
integralmente                 integral
integram                      integr
integrante                    integrant
integrantes                   integrant
integrar                      integr
i'ntegras                     i'ntegr
integrated                    integrated
integrava                     integr
integre                       integr
integridade                   integr
integrou                      integr
inteira                       inteir
inteiramente                  inteir
inteiras                      inteir
inteirinho                    inteirinh
inteiro                       inteir
inteirou                      inteir
intel                         intel
intelectuais                  intelectu
intelectual                   intelectual
intelifge^ncia                intelifgent
inteligence                   inteligenc
intelige^ncia                 inteligent
inteligente                   inteligent
inteligentes                  inteligent
inteligenti'ssimo             inteligenti'ssim
intempe'ries                  intempe'ri
intempestiva                  intempest
intenc,a~o                    intenc,a~
intencional                   intencional
intenc,o~es                   intenc,o~
intensa                       intens
intensamente                  intens
intensas                      intens
intensidade                   intens
intensidades                  intens
intensificando                intensific
intensificar                  intensific
intensiva                     intens
intensivo                     intens
intenso                       intens
inter                         inter
interac,a~o                   inter
interac,o~es                  inter
interagem                     interag
interativa                    inter
interativas                   inter
interatividade                interat
interca^mbio                  interca^mbi
interceda                     interced
intercomunicac,a~o            intercomunic
intercontinental              intercontinental
interdepende^ncia             interdependent
interdesign                   interdesign
interdic,a~o                  interdic,a~
interditada                   interdit
interessa                     interess
interessada                   interess
interessadas                  interess
interessado                   interess
interessados                  interess
interessam                    interess
interessante                  interessant
interessantes                 interessant
interessar                    interess
interessasse                  interess
interessava                   interess
interesse                     inter
interessei                    interess
interesses                    inter
interessou                    interess
interface                     interfac
interfere                     interfer
interfere^ncia                interferent
interfere^ncias               interferent
interferido                   interfer
interferir                    interfer
interinamente                 interin
interior                      interior
interioranas                  interioran
interiorano                   interioran
interiores                    interior
interiorizada                 interioriz
interlagos                    interlag
interliga                     interlig
interligadas                  interlig
interligados                  interlig
interlocutor                  interlocutor
interlocutores                interlocutor
intermediac,a~o               intermedi
intermediada                  intermedi
intermedia'ria                intermedia'r
intermedia'rio                intermedia'ri
intermedia'rios               intermedia'ri
interme'dio                   interme'di
intermina'veis                intermin
intermina'vel                 intermin
interministerial              interministerial
intermitente                  intermitent
interna                       intern
interna'                      intern
internac,a~o                  intern
internacionais                internacion
internacional                 internacional
internacionalizada            internacionaliz
internacionalmente            internacional
internac,o~es                 intern
internada                     intern
internado                     intern
internar                      intern
internas                      intern
international                 international
internato                     internat
internauta                    internaut
internautas                   internaut
internet                      internet
interno                       intern
internos                      intern
interoperability              interoperability
interpelac,a~o                interpel
interpol                      interpol
interpreta                    interpret
interpretac,a~o               interpret
interpretac,o~es              interpret
interpretada                  interpret
interpretadas                 interpret
interpretado                  interpret
interpretados                 interpret
interpretam                   interpret
interpretando                 interpret
interpretar                   interpret
interpretava                  interpret
interpretavam                 interpret
inte'rprete                   inte'rpret
inte'rpretes                  inte'rpret
interpretou                   interpret
interregno                    interregn
interrogac,a~o                interrog
interrogac,o~es               interrog
interrogadores                interrog
interrogam                    interrog
interrogando                  interrog
interrogato'rio               interrogato'ri
interrogato'rios              interrogato'ri
interrogava                   interrog
interrogou                    interrog
interrompendo                 interromp
interromper                   interromp
interrompida                  interromp
interrompido                  interromp
interrupc,a~o                 interrupc,a~
intersindical                 intersindical
intertribais                  intertrib
intervalo                     interval
intervalos                    interval
interve'm                     interve'm
intervenc,a~o                 intervenc,a~
intervencionista              intervencion
intervencionistas             intervencion
intervenc,o~es                intervenc,o~
intervir                      interv
intestinal                    intestinal
intestino                     intestin
i'ntima                       i'ntim
intimado                      intim
i'ntimas                      i'ntim
intimida                      intim
intimidade                    intim
intimidades                   intim
i'ntimo                       i'ntim
i'ntimos                      i'ntim
intitulada                    intitul
intitulado                    intitul
intitular                     intitul
intocada                      intoc
intocados                     intoc
intoca'vel                    intoc
intolera^ncia                 intolera^nc
intolerantes                  intolerant
intolera'vel                  intoler
intoxicac,a~o                 intoxic
intoxicac,o~es                intoxic
intracranianos                intracranian
intransponi'veis              intransponi'v
intransponi'vel               intranspon
intrata'veis                  intrat
intriga                       intrig
intrigante                    intrigant
intrigas                      intrig
introduc,a~o                  introduc,a~
introduz                      introduz
introduzida                   introduz
introduzido                   introduz
introduzindo                  introduz
introduzir                    introduz
intrometendo                  intromet
intrometeram                  intromet
intrometida                   intromet
introspectivo                 introspect
intrusos                      intrus
intui                         intu
intuic,a~o                    intuic,a~
intuitivo                     intuit
inturia                       intur
inu'meras                     inu'm
inu'meros                     inu'mer
inundaram                     inund
inusitada                     inusit
inusitadas                    inusit
inusitado                     inusit
inu'teis                      inu't
inu'til                       inu'til
inutiliza                     inutiliz
inutilmente                   inutil
invade                        invad
invadi                        invad
invadida                      invad
invadido                      invad
invadindo                     invad
invadir                       invad
invadiram                     invad
invadiria                     invad
invadiu                       invad
invalidez                     invalidez
invariavelmente               invari
invasa~o                      invasa~
invasivo                      invas
invasores                     invasor
inveja                        invej
inveja'vel                    invej
invejo                        invej
invenc,a~o                    invenc,a~
invencibilidade               invencibil
inventada                     invent
inventado                     invent
inventando                    invent
inventar                      invent
inventaram                    invent
inventa'rio                   inventa'ri
inventava                     invent
invente                       invent
inventor                      inventor
inventores                    inventor
inventou                      invent
inverno                       invern
invernos                      invern
inversa                       invers
inversamente                  invers
inversa~o                     inversa~
inverso                       invers
inverte                       invert
invertessem                   invert
inverteu                      invert
investe                       invest
investem                      invest
investiam                     invest
investida                     invest
investidas                    invest
investido                     invest
investidor                    investidor
investidores                  investidor
investidos                    invest
investiga                     investig
investigac,a~o                investig
investigac,o~es               investig
investigada                   investig
investigadas                  investig
investigado                   investig
investigador                  investig
investigadora                 investig
investigadores                investig
investigados                  investig
investigam                    investig
investigando                  investig
investigar                    investig
investigativa                 investig
investigativo                 investig
investigou                    investig
investigue                    investig
investimento                  invest
investimentos                 invest
investimos                    invest
investindo                    invest
investir                      invest
investira'                    invest
investisse                    invest
investiu                      invest
investment                    investment
inveterado                    inveter
inveterados                   inveter
inviabilizados                inviabiliz
inviabilizam                  inviabiliz
invia'vel                     invia'vel
invicto                       invict
invisi'veis                   invisi'v
invisi'vel                    invis
invista                       invist
invistam                      invist
invocac,a~o                   invoc
invo'lucro                    invo'lucr
invo'lucros                   invo'lucr
involuntariamente             involuntari
io^                           io^
iode                          iod
io'dice                       io'dic
iof                           iof
ioga                          iog
iogurte                       iogurt
ioio^                         ioio^
ion                           ion
ione                          ion
iorquina                      iorquin
iorquino                      iorquin
ioruba                        iorub
io^s                          io^s
ip                            ip
ipanema                       ipanem
ipanemense                    ipanemens
ipea                          ipe
iph                           iph
iphigenie                     iphigeni
ipiranga                      ipirang
ipojuca                       ipojuc
ipva                          ipva
ir                            ir
ira                           ira
ira'                          ira'
ira~                          ira~
iracy                         iracy
iranaia                       irana
irany                         irany
ira~o                         ira~
iraquiano                     iraquian
irem                          irem
irene                         iren
iria                          iri
iriam                         iri
iri'amos                      iri'
iri'dio                       iri'di
irineu                        irin
iriri                         irir
iris                          iris
i'ris                         i'ris
irlanda                       irland
irlande^s                     irlande^s
irma                          irma
irma~                         irma~
irma~o                        irma~
irma~os                       irma~
irma~s                        irma~s
ironia                        iron
ironias                       iron
iro^nica                      iro^n
ironicamente                  iron
iro^nico                      iro^n
ironiza                       ironiz
ironizou                      ironiz
irradiando                    irradi
irradiar                      irradi
irreais                       irre
irreconheci'vel               irreconhec
irreduti'veis                 irreduti'v
irrefuta'veis                 irrefut
irregular                     irregul
irregulares                   irregul
irregularidade                irregular
irregularidades               irregular
irregularmente                irregular
irrelevante                   irrelevant
irrelevantes                  irrelevant
irreligioso                   irreligi
irrepara'vel                  irrepar
irrepreensi'vel               irrepreens
irrequieto                    irrequiet
irresisti'veis                irresisti'v
irresisti'vel                 irresist
irresponsa'veis               irrespons
irresponsa'vel                irrespons
irrevere^ncia                 irreverent
irreverente                   irreverent
irreverentes                  irreverent
irreversi'vel                 irrevers
irrigac,a~o                   irrig
irrigada                      irrig
irriso'ria                    irriso'r
irriso'rio                    irriso'ri
irrita                        irrit
irritabilidade                irrit
irritac,a~o                   irrit
irritada                      irrit
irritadic,as                  irritadic
irritado                      irrit
irritam                       irrit
irritando                     irrit
irritante                     irritant
irritava                      irrit
irrito                        irrit
irritou                       irrit
irrompeu                      irromp
irving                        irving
is                            is
isa                           isa
isabel                        isabel
isabela                       isabel
isabella                      isabell
isabelle                      isabell
isai'as                       isai'
isaura                        isaur
isca                          isca
ischo                         ischo
isdn                          isdn
isenc,a~o                     isenc,a~
isenta                        isent
i'sis                         i'sis
isla^mica                     isla^m
islamismo                     islam
ismael                        ismael
iso                           iso
isola                         isol
isolada                       isol
isoladamente                  isol
isoladas                      isol
isolado                       isol
isolados                      isol
isolamento                    isol
isolando                      isol
isolar                        isol
isolda                        isold
isomeride                     isomerid
israel                        israel
israelense                    israelens
israelenses                   israelens
israelita                     israelit
isso                          isso
istambul                      istambul
isto                          isto
istoe                         isto
istoe'                        isto
istva'n                       istva'n
it                            it
itabira                       itab
itacarambi                    itacaramb
itacoatiara                   itacoati
itaim                         itaim
itaipu                        itaipu
ita'lia                       ita'l
italiana                      italian
italianas                     italian
italiano                      italian
italianos                     italian
i'talo                        i'tal
itamar                        itam
itamaraty                     itamaraty
itanhae'm                     itanhae'm
itapemirim                    itapemirim
itapetininga                  itapetining
itapipoca                     itapipoc
itapoan                       itapoan
itapora~                      itapora~
itatiba                       itatib
itau'                         itau'
itautec                       itautec
item                          item
itens                         itens
i'tens                        i'tens
itinerantes                   itinerant
itr                           itr
itu                           itu
iva                           iva
ivan                          ivan
ivani                         ivan
ivanilda                      ivanild
ivens                         ivens
iversen                       iversen
ivo                           ivo
ivone                         ivon
ivonete                       ivonet
ivy                           ivy
ix                            ix
iya                           iya
izabel                        izabel
izabela                       izabel
izalco                        izalc
izolete                       izolet
j                             j
ja'                           ja'
jabaquara                     jabaqu
jaba's                        jaba's
jabor                         jabor
jaboulet                      jaboulet
jabuticabal                   jabuticabal
jabuticabeira                 jabuticabeir
jac,ana~                      jac,ana~
jacare'                       jacar
jacarei'                      jacar
jacarepagua'                  jacarepagu
jacira                        jac
jack                          jack
jackie                        jacki
jacks                         jacks
jackson                       jackson
jacksonville                  jacksonvill
jaco'                         jac
jacob                         jacob
jacobinos                     jacobin
jacqueline                    jacquelin
jacques                       jacqu
ja'der                        ja'd
jaffa                         jaff
jagger                        jagg
jaguar                        jagu
jaguaribe                     jaguarib
jaguariu'na                   jaguariu'n
jaguatirica                   jaguatir
jagunc,o                      jagunc
jah                           jah
jaico's                       jaico's
jaime                         jaim
jair                          jair
jairo                         jair
jakku                         jakku
jamaica                       jamaic
jamais                        jam
jambu                         jambu
jamela~o                      jamela~
james                         jam
janailma                      janailm
jancso'                       jancs
jandira                       jand
jane                          jan
janeiro                       janeir
janela                        janel
janelas                       janel
jangadeiros                   jangadeir
ja^nia                        ja^n
janice                        janic
janine                        janin
ja^nio                        ja^ni
jansen                        jansen
jantamos                      jant
jantar                        jant
jantares                      jant
jantava                       jant
janua'ria                     janua'r
japa~o                        japa~
japone^s                      japone^s
japonesa                      japones
japonesas                     japones
japoneses                     japones
jaqueira                      jaqueir
jaqueline                     jaquelin
jaqueta                       jaquet
jaquetas                      jaquet
jaragua'                      jaragu
jaraguari                     jaraguar
jararaca                      jararac
jararacas                     jararac
jarbas                        jarb
jardim                        jardim
jardineiros                   jardineir
jardins                       jardins
jares                         jar
jarga~o                       jarga~
jarras                        jarr
jasim                         jasim
jatene                        jaten
ja'tinha                      ja'tinh
jatinho                       jatinh
jatinhos                      jatinh
jato                          jat
jatos                         jat
java                          jav
javier                        javi
jayme                         jaym
jazadji                       jazadj
jazem                         jaz
jazidas                       jaz
jazigo                        jazig
jazz                          jazz
jazzmania                     jazzman
jb                            jb
jean                          jean
jeanne                        jeann
jeans                         jeans
jecimar                       jecim
jeep                          jeep
jeff                          jeff
jefferson                     jefferson
jeffrey                       jeffrey
jegue                         jeg
jeita~o                       jeita~
jeitinho                      jeitinh
jeito                         jeit
jenailto                      jenailt
jenipapo                      jenipap
jenkins                       jenkins
jennings                      jennings
jepson                        jepson
jequitimar                    jequitim
jequitinhonha                 jequitinhonh
jereissati                    jereissat
jeremy                        jeremy
jerico'                       jeric
jersey                        jersey
jerusale'm                    jerusale'm
jesse                         jess
jesui'ta                      jesui't
jesui'tica                    jesui't
jesus                         jesus
jet                           jet
jheremias                     jherem
jilo'                         jil
jim                           jim
jimenez                       jimenez
jimi                          jim
jimmy                         jimmy
jingles                       jingl
jipe                          jip
jipes                         jip
jk                            jk
jo^                           jo^
joalherias                    joalh
joana                         joan
joanna                        joann
joa~o                         joa~
joaquim                       joaquim
joaquina                      joaquin
jobim                         jobim
jochen                        jochen
jodaciel                      jodaciel
jodie                         jodi
joe                           joe
joel                          joel
joelho                        joelh
joelhos                       joelh
jofre                         jofr
joga                          jog
jogada                        jog
jogadas                       jog
jogadinhas                    jogadinh
jogado                        jog
jogador                       jogador
jogadora                      jogador
jogadoras                     jogador
jogadores                     jogador
jogados                       jog
jogam                         jog
jogando                       jog
jogar                         jog
jogaram                       jog
jogaria                       jog
jogatina                      jogatin
jogava                        jog
jogo                          jog
jogos                         jog
jogou                         jog
joguei                        jogu
joguem                        jogu
johannes                      johann
john                          john
johnnie                       johnni
johnny                        johnny
johns                         johns
johnson                       johnson
johnstone                     johnston
jo'ia                         jo'i
jo'ias                        jo'i
joint                         joint
joinville                     joinvill
jonas                         jon
jonathan                      jonathan
jo^nathas                     jo^nath
jones                         jon
jong                          jong
jongo                         jong
joni                          jon
jo^nica                       jo^nic
jopi                          jop
jor                           jor
jordan                        jordan
jordanianos                   jordanian
jorda~o                       jorda~
jorge                         jorg
jorgina                       jorgin
jornada                       jorn
jornadas                      jorn
jornais                       jorn
jornal                        jornal
jornaleiro                    jornaleir
jornalismo                    jornal
jornalista                    jornal
jornalistas                   jornal
jornali'stica                 jornali'st
jornalzinho                   jornalzinh
josaphat                      josaphat
jose'                         jos
josefa                        josef
josefina                      josefin
joseph                        joseph
joshua                        joshu
jospin                        jospin
josue'                        josu
jouglas                       jougl
journal                       journal
jova                          jov
jovelina                      jovelin
jovem                         jov
jovens                        jovens
jovenzinhas                   jovenzinh
jovial                        jovial
jovino                        jovin
joy                           joy
joyce                         joyc
jpx                           jpx
jr                            jr
juan                          juan
juarez                        juarez
juazeiro                      juazeir
jubarte                       jubart
juberli                       juberl
ju'bilo                       ju'bil
juca                          juc
juce'lia                      juce'l
judaica                       judaic
judaicas                      judaic
judaismo                      judaism
judai'smo                     judai'sm
jude'ia                       jud
judeu                         jud
judeus                        judeus
judia                         jud
judias                        jud
judiciais                     judic
judicial                      judicial
judicia'rio                   judicia'ri
judith                        judith
jugo                          jug
jugular                       jugul
juilliard                     juilliard
juiz                          juiz
jui'za                        jui'z
jui'zes                       jui'z
jui'zo                        jui'z
julga                         julg
julga'                        julg
julgada                       julg
julgado                       julg
julgados                      julg
julgam                        julg
julgamento                    julgament
julgamentos                   julgament
julgando                      julg
julgar                        julg
julgaria                      julg
julgava                       julg
julgavam                      julg
julgo                         julg
julgou                        julg
julguei                       julgu
julho                         julh
julia                         jul
ju'lia                        ju'l
juliana                       julian
julianne                      juliann
juliano                       julian
julia~o                       julia~
julienne                      julienn
julieta                       juliet
julietas                      juliet
juliette                      juliett
julio                         juli
ju'lio                        ju'li
julita                        julit
jum                           jum
jumbo                         jumb
jumentos                      jument
jun                           jun
jundiai'                      jundia
jung                          jung
jungmann                      jungmann
junguiana                     junguian
junguianos                    junguian
junho                         junh
juninas                       junin
juninho                       juninh
junior                        junior
ju'nior                       ju'nior
junk                          junk
junkie                        junki
junot                         junot
junqueira                     junqueir
junta                         junt
juntado                       junt
juntam                        junt
juntamente                    junt
juntamos                      junt
juntando                      junt
juntar                        junt
juntaram                      junt
juntariam                     junt
juntas                        junt
junte                         junt
juntei                        junt
junto                         junt
juntos                        junt
juntou                        junt
ju'piter                      ju'pit
juppe'                        jupp
jura                          jur
juracy                        juracy
jurada                        jur
jurado                        jur
jurados                       jur
juramento                     jurament
jurassic                      jurassic
jurava                        jur
ju'ri                         ju'r
juri'dica                     juri'd
juridicamente                 jurid
juri'dicas                    juri'd
juri'dico                     juri'd
juri'dicos                    juri'd
ju'ris                        ju'r
jurisprude^ncia               jurisprudent
jurista                       jurist
juristas                      jurist
juro                          jur
juros                         jur
jurou                         jur
juruci                        juruc
jus                           jus
juscilene                     juscilen
jussara                       juss
just                          just
justa                         just
justamente                    just
justas                        just
justic,a                      justic
justifica                     justif
justificada                   justific
justificado                   justific
justificados                  justific
justificam                    justific
justificar                    justific
justificaria                  justific
justificativa                 justific
justificativas                justific
justifica'veis                justific
justificou                    justific
justina                       justin
justinha                      justinh
justino                       justin
justo                         just
justus                        justus
juvenil                       juvenil
juvenis                       juven
juventude                     juventud
k                             k
kabala                        kabal
kadett                        kadett
kafelnikov                    kafelnikov
kafka                         kafk
kafkiana                      kafkian
kai                           kai
kalachackra                   kalachackr
kalil                         kalil
kalilo                        kalil
kalina                        kalin
kalume                        kalum
kandir                        kand
karam                         kar
karan                         karan
karen                         karen
karina                        karin
karinas                       karin
karl                          karl
karla                         karl
karmali                       karmal
karman                        karman
karnak                        karnak
karni                         karn
karolinska                    karolinsk
kart                          kart
kasparov                      kasparov
katia                         kat
ka'tia                        ka't
katiana                       katian
kauai                         kaua
kay                           kay
kbytes                        kbytes
kelly                         kelly
kelvin                        kelvin
kemal                         kemal
kennedy                       kennedy
kenoma                        kenom
kent                          kent
kenzo                         kenz
kepler                        kepl
kerly                         kerly
ketchup                       ketchup
kettering                     kettering
kfouri                        kfour
kg                            kg
khamis                        kham
khmer                         khmer
khrunichev                    khrunichev
kiberon                       kiberon
kid                           kid
kids                          kids
kieffer                       kieff
kihara                        kih
kilimanjaro                   kilimanjar
kim                           kim
kingdom                       kingdom
kingsman                      kingsman
kinjo^                        kinjo^
kinnaur                       kinnaur
kinski                        kinsk
kipling                       kipling
kiss                          kiss
kisser                        kiss
kissinger                     kissing
kissner                       kissn
kits                          kits
ki'via                        ki'v
klaus                         klaus
kle'ber                       kle'b
klein                         klein
kleinu"bing                   kleinu"bing
klintowitz                    klintowitz
klm                           klm
km                            km
knol                          knol
knoll                         knoll
know                          know
knox                          knox
koch                          koch
kohl                          kohl
kohoutek                      kohoutek
kombi                         komb
kong                          kong
korda                         kord
korn                          korn
kosmos                        kosm
kowloon                       kowloon
kozo                          koz
krafer                        kraf
kraft                         kraft
kramer                        kram
krause                        kraus
krichana~                     krichana~
kruchev                       kruchev
kruse                         krus
krymchantowski                krymchantowsk
ksyvickis                     ksyvick
kts                           kts
kuala                         kual
kubitscheck                   kubitscheck
kuerten                       kuerten
kuljis                        kulj
kullu                         kullu
kung                          kung
kupfer                        kupf
ku"r                          ku"r
kurosawa                      kurosaw
kurt                          kurt
kuryakanys                    kuryakanys
kuster                        kust
l                             l
la                            la
la'                           la'
la~                           la~
label                         label
la'bia                        la'b
labial                        labial
la'bios                       la'bi
labirintite                   labirintit
labirinto                     labirint
lable                         labl
laboratoriais                 laboratori
laborato'rio                  laborato'ri
laborato'rios                 laborato'ri
laboratory                    laboratory
labore                        labor
lacerda                       lacerd
laco^nico                     laco^n
lac,os                        lac
lacrac,a~o                    lacrac,a~
lacrado                       lacr
lacrimais                     lacrim
lacrimal                      lacrimal
lacroix                       lacroix
lacta                         lact
lacuna                        lacun
lacunas                       lacun
ladainha                      ladainh
ladak                         ladak
ladakh                        ladakh
lada'rio                      lada'ri
ladeada                       lad
ladeado                       lad
ladeira                       ladeir
lado                          lad
lados                         lad
ladra~o                       ladra~
ladro~es                      ladro~
lady                          lady
laender                       laend
lafayette                     lafayett
lafemina                      lafemin
lafon                         lafon
lagartixa                     lagartix
lagarto                       lagart
lagartos                      lagart
lago                          lag
lagoa                         lago
lagoas                        lago
lagos                         lag
la'grimas                     la'grim
lahaul                        lahaul
laia                          lai
lair                          lair
laissez                       laissez
lake                          lak
lama                          lam
lamai'smo                     lamai'sm
lamarca                       lamarc
lambaero'bica                 lambaero'b
lambendo                      lamb
lamber                        lamb
lamborghini                   lamborghin
lambuzadas                    lambuz
lameira                       lameir
lamenta                       lament
lamentac,o~es                 lament
lamentam                      lament
lamentava                     lament
lamenta'vel                   lament
lamento                       lament
lamentou                      lament
la^mina                       la^min
laminados                     lamin
lamm                          lamm
la^mpada                      la^mp
la^mpadas                     la^mp
lampia~o                      lampia~
lampio~es                     lampio~
lampreia                      lampr
lampre'ia                     lampr
lamu                          lamu
lamu'ria                      lamu'r
lamurioso                     lamuri
lan                           lan
lanc,a                        lanc
lanc,a'                       lanc
lanc,ada                      lanc
lanc,adas                     lanc
lanc,ado                      lanc
lanc,ados                     lanc
lanc,am                       lanc
lanc,amento                   lanc,ament
lanc,amentos                  lanc,ament
lanc,ando                     lanc
lanc,ar                       lanc
lanc,ara'                     lanc
lanc,aram                     lanc
lancashire                    lancashir
lanc,ava                      lanc
lanc,avam                     lanc
lance                         lanc
lancelotti                    lancelott
lances                        lanc
lancha                        lanch
lanchar                       lanch
lanchas                       lanch
lanche                        lanch
lanches                       lanch
lanchonete                    lanchonet
lanchonetes                   lanchonet
lanco^me                      lanco^m
lanc,ou                       lanc
land                          land
landim                        landim
lane                          lan
lanterna                      lantern
lantier                       lanti
lapa                          lap
lapidar                       lapid
lapidaram                     lapid
lapierre                      lapierr
la'pis                        la'p
laptop                        laptop
laqueadura                    laqueadur
lar                           lar
lara                          lar
laranja                       laranj
laranjas                      laranj
laranjeira                    laranjeir
laranjeiras                   laranjeir
lares                         lar
larga                         larg
largada                       larg
largadas                      larg
largamente                    larg
largamos                      larg
largar                        larg
largaria                      larg
largas                        larg
largava                       larg
largo                         larg
largou                        larg
larguei                       largu
largura                       largur
lari                          lar
larissa                       lariss
larry                         larry
larsson                       larsson
las                           las
lascado                       lasc
laser                         las
lastro                        lastr
laszlo                        laszl
lata                          lat
lataria                       lat
latas                         lat
lateral                       lateral
la'tex                        la'tex
latici'nio                    latici'ni
latici'nios                   latici'ni
latifu'ndio                   latifu'ndi
latim                         latim
latina                        latin
latinas                       latin
latino                        latin
latinos                       latin
latitude                      latitud
latorraca                     latorrac
latroci'nio                   latroci'ni
lattari                       lattar
lauda                         laud
laudas                        laud
lauder                        laud
lauderdale                    lauderdal
laudo                         laud
laudos                        laud
laura                         laur
lauren                        lauren
laurence                      laurenc
lauro                         laur
lava                          lav
lavabo                        lavab
lavada                        lav
lavadeira                     lavadeir
lavado                        lav
lavadora                      lavador
lavagem                       lavag
lavagnoli                     lavagnol
lavam                         lav
lavanda                       lavand
lavanderia                    lavand
lavando                       lav
lavar                         lav
lavariam                      lav
lavigne                       lavign
lavi'nia                      lavi'n
lavo                          lav
lavou                         lav
lavoura                       lavour
lavouras                      lavour
lavra                         lavr
lavrada                       lavr
lavradora                     lavrador
lavrar                        lavr
lavrenti                      lavrent
lawrence                      lawrenc
layers                        layers
la'zaro                       la'zar
lazer                         laz
lazutkin                      lazutkin
le                            le
le^                           le^
lea                           lea
leah                          leah
leahy                         leahy
leais                         lea
leal                          leal
lealdade                      lealdad
leandra                       leandr
leandro                       leandr
lea~o                         lea~
learning                      learning
leasing                       leasing
leciona                       lecion
lecionou                      lecion
leco                          lec
lecran                        lecran
leda                          led
lee                           lee
le^em                         le^em
legado                        leg
legais                        leg
legal                         legal
legalidade                    legal
legalizam                     legaliz
legalizar                     legaliz
legalmente                    legal
legara'                       leg
legenda                       legend
legenda'rio                   legenda'ri
legia~o                       legia~
legio~es                      legio~
legislac,a~o                  legisl
legisladores                  legisl
legislando                    legisl
legislar                      legisl
legislativa                   legisl
legislativas                  legisl
legislativo                   legisl
legista                       legist
legistas                      legist
legi'tima                     legi'tim
legitimac,a~o                 legitim
legitimados                   legitim
legitimam                     legitim
legitimar                     legitim
legitimidade                  legitim
legi'timo                     legi'tim
legi'timos                    legi't
legumes                       legum
lei                           lei
leia                          lei
leide                         leid
leidiva^nia                   leidiva^n
leiga                         leig
leigh                         leigh
leigo                         leig
leigos                        leig
leila                         leil
leila~o                       leila~
leiloa'                       leilo
leiloado                      leilo
leiloados                     leilo
leiloeiro                     leiloeir
leio                          lei
leis                          leis
leita~o                       leita~
leite                         leit
leiteiro                      leiteir
leito                         leit
leitor                        leitor
leitores                      leitor
leitos                        leit
leitura                       leitur
leituras                      leitur
le'lio                        le'li
lellis                        lell
lema                          lem
lemann                        lemann
lembra                        lembr
lembrada                      lembr
lembradas                     lembr
lembrados                     lembr
lembram                       lembr
lembranc,a                    lembranc
lembranc,as                   lembranc
lembrando                     lembr
lembrar                       lembr
lembrava                      lembr
lembravam                     lembr
lembre                        lembr
lembremos                     lembr
lembrete                      lembret
lembro                        lembr
lembrou                       lembr
leme                          lem
lemgruber                     lemgrub
lemir                         lem
lemos                         lem
len~as                        len~
lenc,o                        lenc
lenc,o'is                     lenc,o'
lenc,os                       lenc
lenda                         lend
lenda'ria                     lenda'r
lenda'rio                     lenda'ri
lendas                        lend
lendl                         lendl
lendo                         lend
lenha                         lenh
leniente                      lenient
lenientes                     lenient
lenin                         lenin
le^nin                        le^nin
lenita                        lenit
lennon                        lennon
lens                          lens
lenta                         lent
lentamente                    lent
lentas                        lent
lente                         lent
lentes                        lent
lentida~o                     lentida~
lentido~es                    lentido~
lentilha                      lentilh
lentilhas                     lentilh
lento                         lent
lentos                        lent
le'o                          le'o
leo~es                        leo~
leon                          leon
leonardo                      leonard
leonel                        leonel
leonor                        leonor
leopoldina                    leopoldin
leopoldo                      leopold
leopolldo                     leopolld
leporaci                      leporac
leptin                        leptin
leque                         lequ
ler                           ler
leram                         ler
lerner                        lern
les                           les
lesado                        les
lesados                       les
lesa~o                        lesa~
lesar                         les
lesaram                       les
lesbian                       lesbian
le'sbica                      le'sbic
le'sbicas                     le'sbic
lesivo                        lesiv
leslie                        lesli
leso~es                       leso~
lesou                         les
lessa                         less
lesse                         less
leste                         lest
letais                        let
letal                         letal
letivo                        letiv
letra                         letr
letrado                       letr
letrados                      letr
letras                        letr
lettieri                      lettier
leu                           leu
leucemia                      leucem
leuiwyato                     leuiwyat
leuzzi                        leuzz
leva                          lev
leva'                         lev
levada                        lev
levadas                       lev
levado                        lev
levados                       lev
levam                         lev
levamos                       lev
levando                       lev
levanta                       levant
levantada                     levant
levantadas                    levant
levantado                     levant
levantador                    levant
levantados                    levant
levantam                      levant
levantamento                  levant
levantamentos                 levant
levantamos                    levant
levantando                    levant
levantar                      levant
levantara'                    levant
levantaram                    levant
levantaremos                  levant
levantava                     levant
levantavam                    levant
levante                       levant
levantei                      levant
levantou                      levant
levar                         lev
levara'                       lev
levaram                       lev
levara~o                      lev
levaria                       lev
levas                         lev
levava                        lev
levavam                       lev
leve                          lev
leveger                       leveg
levei                         lev
level                         level
levem                         lev
levemente                     levement
lever                         lev
leves                         lev
leveza                        levez
levi                          lev
levin                         levin
levitac,a~o                   levit
levitsky                      levitsky
levo                          lev
levou                         lev
levy                          levy
lewgoy                        lewgoy
lewis                         lew
lexotan                       lexotan
lexus                         lexus
lftms                         lftms
lhe                           lhe
lhes                          lhes
lhores                        lhor
li                            li
lia                           lia
liana                         lian
liane                         lian
lias                          lias
libane^s                      libane^s
libanesa                      libanes
libaneses                     libanes
liba^nio                      liba^ni
li'bano                       li'ban
libe'                         lib
libera                        lib
libera'                       lib
liberac,a~o                   liber
liberada                      liber
liberadas                     liber
liberado                      liber
liberados                     liber
liberais                      liber
liberal                       liberal
liberalidade                  liberal
liberalismo                   liberal
liberalizac,a~o               liberaliz
liberalizar                   liberaliz
liberalizem                   liberaliz
liberam                       lib
liberar                       liber
liberaria                     liber
liberasse                     liber
liberation                    liberation
liberato                      liberat
liberava                      liber
liberdade                     liberdad
liberdades                    liberdad
liberou                       liber
libertac,a~o                  libert
libertado                     libert
libertador                    libert
libertadora                   libert
libertados                    libert
libertar                      libert
liberta'rio                   liberta'ri
liberta'rios                  liberta'ri
libertos                      libert
libido                        lib
libra                         libr
libretto                      librett
lic,a~o                       lic,a~
licenc,a                      licenc
licenc,as                     licenc
licenciado                    licenc
licenciamento                 licenc
licenciamentos                licenc
licenciar                     licenc
liceu                         lic
licitac,a~o                   licit
licitac,o~es                  licit
lic,o~es                      lic,o~
licores                       licor
lida                          lid
lidador                       lidador
lidam                         lid
lidar                         lid
lidarem                       lid
li'der                        li'd
lidera                        lid
liderado                      lider
liderados                     lider
lideram                       lid
lideranc,a                    lideranc
lideranc,as                   lideranc
liderando                     lider
lidere                        lider
li'deres                      li'd
lidero                        lider
liderou                       lider
li'dia                        li'd
lido                          lid
life                          lif
liga                          lig
ligac,a~o                     ligac,a~
ligac,o~es                    ligac,o~
ligada                        lig
ligadas                       lig
ligado                        lig
ligados                       lig
ligam                         lig
ligamos                       lig
ligando                       lig
ligar                         lig
ligara'                       lig
ligaram                       lig
ligas                         lig
ligeira                       ligeir
ligeiramente                  ligeir
ligeiro                       ligeir
light                         light
ligia                         lig
ligo                          lig
ligou                         lig
ligue                         lig
liguei                        ligu
li'lia                        li'l
lilian                        lilian
liliane                       lilian
lilith                        lilith
lilly                         lilly
lima                          lim
lima~o                        lima~
limeira                       limeir
liminar                       limin
liminares                     limin
limita                        limit
limitac,a~o                   limit
limitac,o~es                  limit
limitada                      limit
limitado                      limit
limitam                       limit
limitar                       limit
limitaram                     limit
limitava                      limit
limitavam                     limit
limite                        limit
limited                       limited
limites                       limit
limito                        limit
limitou                       limit
limi'trofe                    limi'trof
limousine                     limousin
limousines                    limousin
limpa                         limp
limpar                        limp
limpei                        limp
limpeza                       limpez
li'mpidas                     li'mp
limpinhos                     limpinh
limpo                         limp
limpos                        limp
limusine                      limusin
limusines                     limusin
lin                           lin
linamara                      linam
lincon                        lincon
linda                         lind
lindas                        lind
lindeln                       lindeln
lindi'ssimo                   lindi'ssim
lindo                         lind
lindomar                      lindom
line                          lin
linear                        lin
lineu                         lin
linfa'tica                    linfa't
lingerie                      lingeri
lingeries                     lingeri
li'ngua                       li'ngu
linguagem                     linguag
linguajar                     linguaj
li'nguas                      li'ngu
linguic,a                     linguic
lingu"ic,a                    lingu"ic
lingu"i'stica                 lingu"i'st
linha                         linh
linhagem                      linhag
linhares                      linh
linhas                        linh
linho                         linh
links                         links
lino                          lin
lins                          lins
lintas                        lint
liofiliac,a~o                 liofili
lionel                        lionel
lios                          lios
lipase                        lipas
lipoaspirac,a~o               lipoaspir
lipotro'pico                  lipotro'p
lipp                          lipp
li'quida                      li'qu
liquidac,a~o                  liquid
liquidado                     liquid
liquidaram                    liquid
liquide                       liquid
liquidificador                liquidific
li'quido                      li'qu
li'quidos                     li'qu
li'rico                       li'ric
li'ricos                      li'ric
lirismo                       lirism
lisa                          lis
lisboa                        lisbo
lise'rgica                    lise'rg
lisi                          lis
lisonjeado                    lisonj
lispector                     lispector
lista                         list
listadas                      list
listados                      list
listas                        list
listou                        list
literal                       literal
literalmente                  literal
litera'ria                    litera'r
litera'rias                   litera'r
litera'rio                    litera'ri
literatura                    literatur
liti'gios                     liti'gi
litoral                       litoral
litora^nea                    litora^n
litro                         litr
litros                        litr
little                        littl
litto                         litt
liturgia                      liturg
litu'rgico                    litu'rg
live                          liv
liverpool                     liverpool
li'via                        li'v
livores                       livor
livra                         livr
livra'                        livr
livram                        livr
livrando                      livr
livrar                        livr
livrara                       livr
livraram                      livr
livraria                      livr
livrarias                     livr
livre                         livr
livremente                    livrement
livres                        livr
livreto                       livret
livrinho                      livrinh
livro                         livr
livros                        livr
livrou                        livr
lixa                          lix
lixa'                         lix
lixados                       lix
lixando                       lix
lixa~o                        lixa~
lixo                          lix
liz                           liz
lizia                         liz
llao                          lla
lloyds                        lloyds
lo                            lo
lo'                           lo'
lobato                        lobat
lobbies                       lobbi
lobby                         lobby
lobo                          lob
lo^bo                         lo^b
locac,a~o                     locac,a~
locac,o~es                    locac,o~
locadora                      locador
locais                        loc
local                         local
localidade                    local
localizac,a~o                 localiz
localizada                    localiz
localizadas                   localiz
localizado                    localiz
localizados                   localiz
localizar                     localiz
localizaram                   localiz
localizava                    localiz
localizou                     localiz
localmente                    local
loc,a~o                       loc,a~
locaset                       locaset
locata'rios                   locata'ri
lockheed                      lockheed
lockwood                      lockwood
locomoc,a~o                   locomoc,a~
locomotiva                    locomot
locomotor                     locomotor
locomove                      locomov
locomovem                     locomov
locomover                     locomov
locuc,a~o                     locuc,a~
locuc,o~es                    locuc,o~
locutor                       locutor
locutora                      locutor
locutores                     locutor
lodo                          lod
loffel                        loffel
loft                          loft
lo'gica                       lo'gic
lo'gicas                      lo'gic
lo'gico                       lo'gic
logi'stica                    logi'st
logo                          log
logotipo                      logotip
logotipos                     logotip
logus                         logus
loira                         loir
loirac,a                      loirac
loiras                        loir
loirinha                      loirinh
loiro                         loir
loiros                        loir
loja                          loj
lojas                         loj
lojista                       lojist
lojistas                      lojist
lombadas                      lomb
lombardi                      lombard
lombardimmm                   lombardimmm
lombo                         lomb
lombrigas                     lombrig
lona                          lon
londres                       londr
londrina                      londrin
londrinos                     londrin
longa                         long
longamente                    long
longas                        long
longe                         long
longelinealidade              longelineal
longevidade                   longev
longhouser                    longhous
longili'neo                   longili'n
longi'nquo                    longi'nqu
longitude                     longitud
longo                         long
longobardi                    longobard
longos                        long
longui'ssimo                  longui'ssim
look                          look
lopes                         lop
lopez                         lopez
lorde                         lord
lordes                        lord
loredo                        lored
lorem                         lor
loren                         loren
lorscheider                   lorscheid
los                           los
losson                        losson
lost                          lost
lot                           lot
lota                          lot
lotac,a~o                     lotac,a~
lotada                        lot
lotado                        lot
lotados                       lot
lotam                         lot
lotar                         lot
lotaram                       lot
lote                          lot
loteamento                    loteament
loteiam                       lot
loteria                       lot
loterias                      lot
loterj                        loterj
lotes                         lot
lotus                         lotus
louca                         louc
louc,a                        louc
loucamente                    louc
loucas                        louc
louc,as                       louc
louco                         louc
loucos                        louc
loucura                       loucur
loucuras                      loucur
louis                         lou
louise                        louis
loura                         lour
lourdes                       lourd
loureiro                      loureir
lourenc,a~o                   lourenc,a~
lourenc,o                     lourenc
lourival                      lourival
louro                         lour
louros                        lour
louva                         louv
louvain                       louvain
louvavam                      louv
louvet                        louvet
louvre                        louvr
louzada                       louz
louzado                       louz
love                          lov
low                           low
loyola                        loyol
lozada                        loz
lozinsky                      lozinsky
lp                            lp
lps                           lps
ltda                          ltda
lu                            lu
lua                           lua
luanda                        luand
luc                           luc
luca                          luc
lucania                       lucan
lucas                         luc
lucchese                      lucches
lucena                        lucen
luci                          luc
lucia                         luc
lu'cia                        lu'c
luciana                       lucian
luciano                       lucian
luciara                       luc
lucidez                       lucidez
lucidio                       lucidi
lu'cidos                      lu'c
luciene                       lucien
lucila                        lucil
lucimara                      lucim
lucinha                       lucinh
lu'cio                        lu'ci
lucky                         lucky
lucrando                      lucr
lucrar                        lucr
lucraria                      lucr
lucrativas                    lucrat
lucrativo                     lucrat
lucrativos                    lucrat
lucro                         lucr
lucros                        lucr
lucrou                        lucr
luders                        luders
lu'dico                       lu'dic
luditas                       ludit
ludlow                        ludlow
lufthansa                     lufthans
lugar                         lug
lugarejos                     lugarej
lugares                       lug
lu'gubre                      lu'gubr
luigi                         luig
luis                          luis
lui's                         lui's
luiz                          luiz
luiza                         luiz
lukaisus                      lukaisus
lula                          lul
lulu                          lulu
luma                          lum
lumina'rias                   lumina'r
luminosa                      lumin
luminoso                      lumin
luminosos                     lumin
lumpur                        lumpur
lupa                          lup
lupici'nio                    lupici'ni
lurdemir                      lurdem
lurdes                        lurd
lurex                         lurex
lusa                          lus
lusi'adas                     lusi'
lusitana                      lusitan
lusitanas                     lusitan
lusitanos                     lusitan
lustre                        lustr
lustro                        lustr
luta                          lut
lutado                        lut
lutador                       lutador
lutam                         lut
lutando                       lut
lutar                         lut
lutara'                       lut
lutas                         lut
lutava                        lut
lutavam                       lut
luterana                      luteran
lutero                        luter
luto                          lut
lutou                         lut
luva                          luv
luvas                         luv
luvisaro                      luvisar
lux                           lux
luxemburgo                    luxemburg
luxo                          lux
luxuosa                       luxuos
luxuosas                      luxuos
luxuoso                       luxuos
luxuosos                      luxuos
luxuriantes                   luxuriant
luycx                         luycx
luz                           luz
luzes                         luz
luzia                         luz
lynch                         lynch
lyne                          lyne
lynx                          lynx
lyon                          lyon
m                             m
ma                            ma
ma'                           ma'
maastricht                    maastricht
mac,a~                        mac,a~
macaca                        macac
macaca~o                      macaca~
macacas                       macac
macaco                        macac
macacos                       macac
macale'                       macal
macambu'zio                   macambu'zi
mac,ante                      mac,ant
mac,arico                     mac,ar
macarra~o                     macarra~
macarronada                   macarron
macarthismo                   macarth
mac,a~s                       mac,a~s
macaulay                      macaulay
macbeth                       macbeth
macbrazel                     macbrazel
macdowell                     macdowell
macedo                        maced
maceio'                       macei
machadiana                    machadian
machadinho                    machadinh
machado                       mach
machados                      mach
macha~o                       macha~
machismo                      machism
machista                      machist
machistas                     machist
macho                         mach
machos                        mach
machucado                     machuc
machucou                      machuc
macia                         mac
macic,a                       macic
macic,as                      macic
maciel                        maciel
maciez                        maciez
macio                         maci
mackenzie                     mackenzi
maclaine                      maclain
mac,o                         mac
maconha                       maconh
maconheiro                    maconheir
macromedia                    macromed
macromole'culas               macromole'cul
macs                          macs
ma'cula                       ma'cul
macular                       macul
macumba                       macumb
macunai'ma                    macunai'm
mad                           mad
mada                          mad
madalena                      madalen
made                          mad
madeira                       madeir
madeirame                     madeiram
madeiras                      madeir
madeireira                    madeireir
madeireiras                   madeireir
madeireiro                    madeireir
madeireiros                   madeireir
madi                          mad
madonna                       madonn
madre                         madr
madri                         madr
madrinha                      madrinh
madruga                       madrug
madrugada                     madrug
madrugadas                    madrug
madura                        madur
maduras                       madur
madureira                     madureir
madureza                      madur
maduro                        madur
maduros                       madur
mady                          mady
ma~e                          ma~
ma~es                         ma~
maestra                       maestr
maestro                       maestr
maestros                      maestr
ma~ezinha                     ma~ezinh
mafalda                       mafald
ma'fia                        ma'f
mafiosa                       mafios
mafiosas                      mafios
mafiosos                      mafios
maga                          mag
magaldi                       magald
magalha~es                    magalha~
magazine                      magazin
magazines                     magazin
magela                        magel
magella                       magell
mage'rrimas                   mage'rrim
maggi                         magg
magia                         mag
magic                         magic
ma'gica                       ma'gic
ma'gicas                      ma'gic
ma'gico                       ma'gic
ma'gicos                      ma'gic
magiste'rio                   magiste'ri
magistrado                    magistr
magistrados                   magistr
magistratura                  magistratur
magna                         magn
magnas                        magn
magnata                       magnat
magnatas                      magnat
magne'sio                     magne'si
magne'tica                    magne't
magne'tico                    magne't
magnetismo                    magnet
magnetoterapia                magnetoterap
magni'fica                    magni'f
magni'fico                    magni'f
magnitude                     magnitud
magno                         magn
magnoli                       magnol
magnus                        magnus
mago                          mag
magoa                         mago
ma'goa                        ma'go
magoa'                        mago
ma'goas                       ma'go
magos                         mag
magra                         magr
magras                        magr
magrela                       magrel
magrelas                      magrel
magreza                       magrez
magri                         magr
magrid                        magrid
magrinha                      magrinh
magrinhas                     magrinh
magrinho                      magrinh
magro                         magr
magros                        magr
maguila                       maguil
mahal                         mahal
maher                         mah
mahfuz                        mahfuz
maia                          mai
mail                          mail
mailing                       mailing
main                          main
mainardi                      mainard
mainframe                     mainfram
mainframes                    mainfram
maio                          mai
maio^                         maio^
maior                         maior
maiores                       maior
maioria                       maior
maiorias                      maior
maioridade                    maioridad
mai'ra                        mai'r
mais                          mais
maison                        maison
maj                           maj
majestade                     majestad
majestosa                     majest
majoli                        majol
major                         major
majoritariamente              majoritari
majorita'rio                  majorita'ri
majuro                        majur
makron                        makron
mal                           mal
mala                          mal
malabar                       malab
malabarismo                   malabar
malabarismos                  malabar
malaia                        mala
malaias                       mala
malaios                       malai
malan                         malan
malandragem                   malandrag
malandras                     malandr
mala'ria                      mala'r
malas                         mal
mala'sia                      mala's
malcasadas                    malcas
malcolm                       malcolm
malcom                        malcom
malconduzida                  malconduz
malconservados                malconserv
malcriac,a~o                  malcriac,a~
malcriados                    malcri
malcuidadas                   malcuid
maldade                       maldad
maldaner                      maldan
maldita                       maldit
malditas                      maldit
maldosa                       maldos
maldosos                      maldos
malefi'cios                   malefi'ci
male'fico                     male'f
malemo                        malem
males                         mal
maleta                        malet
malfalado                     malfal
malfeito                      malfeit
malfeitora                    malfeitor
malfeitores                   malfeitor
malgrado                      malgr
malha                         malh
malhac,a~o                    malhac,a~
malhada                       malh
malhando                      malh
malhar                        malh
malhava                       malh
malheiros                     malheir
mali'cia                      mali'c
malicioso                     malic
maligna                       malign
maligno                       malign
malik                         malik
malkovich                     malkovich
mall                          mall
malle                         mall
mallmann                      mallmann
maloney                       maloney
malpassado                    malpass
malresolvida                  malresolv
malsucedido                   malsuced
malta                         malt
maltrapilhos                  maltrapilh
maltratadas                   maltrat
maltratado                    maltrat
malu                          malu
maluca                        maluc
malucas                       maluc
maluco                        maluc
malucos                       maluc
maluf                         maluf
maluquice                     maluquic
maluquinho                    maluquinh
malvada                       malv
malvinas                      malvin
malzoni                       malzon
mama                          mam
mama~e                        mama~
mama~o                        mama~
mamar                         mam
mama'ria                      mama'r
mambembe                      mambemb
mambembes                     mambemb
mamelucas                     mameluc
mamelucos                     mameluc
mammas                        mamm
mamografia                    mamograf
mamografias                   mamograf
mamonas                       mamon
mamou                         mam
man                           man
manager                       manag
manally                       manally
manancial                     manancial
manaus                        manaus
mancha                        manch
manchada                      manch
manchar                       manch
manchas                       manch
manchava                      manch
manchester                    manchest
manchete                      manchet
manchetes                     manchet
manchetou                     manchet
mancini                       mancin
manda                         mand
manda'                        mand
mandacaru                     mandacaru
mandada                       mand
mandado                       mand
mandados                      mand
mandam                        mand
mandamentos                   mandament
mandamos                      mand
mandante                      mandant
mandar                        mand
mandaram                      mand
mandarim                      mandarim
mandarino                     mandarin
mandata'rios                  mandata'ri
mandato                       mandat
mandava                       mand
mandavam                      mand
mandei                        mand
mandela                       mandel
mandem                        mand
mandioca                      mandioc
mando                         mand
mandou                        mand
mane'                         man
maneira                       maneir
maneiras                      maneir
maneiristas                   maneir
maneiro                       maneir
manejadas                     manej
manejo                        manej
manequim                      manequim
manequinho                    manequinh
manete                        manet
manetes                       manet
manfredo                      manfred
mangane^s                     mangane^s
mangas                        mang
mangueira                     mangueir
manha~                        manha~
manha~s                       manha~s
manhattan                     manhattan
mania                         man
manias                        man
manico^mio                    manico^mi
manicure                      manicur
manifesta                     manifest
manifesta'                    manifest
manifestac,a~o                manifest
manifestac,o~es               manifest
manifestadas                  manifest
manifestam                    manifest
manifestando                  manifest
manifestantes                 manifestant
manifestar                    manifest
manifestaram                  manifest
manifestavam                  manifest
manifesto                     manifest
manifestos                    manifest
manifestou                    manifest
manipulac,a~o                 manipul
manipulac,o~es                manipul
manipulado                    manipul
manipulados                   manipul
manipulam                     manipul
manipular                     manipul
manipulava                    manipul
maniquei'sta                  maniquei'st
manjados                      manj
manjedoura                    manjedour
manobra                       manobr
manobras                      manobr
manoel                        manoel
mansa                         mans
mansa~o                       mansa~
manso                         mans
mansoni                       manson
mansur                        mansur
manta                         mant
mante^                        mant
manteiga                      manteig
mante'm                       mante'm
mante^m                       mante^m
mantemos                      mant
mantendo                      mant
mantenham                     mantenh
manter                        mant
mantera'                      mant
manteve                       mantev
mantida                       mant
mantidas                      mant
mantido                       mant
mantidos                      mant
mantimento                    mantiment
mantimentos                   mantiment
mantinha                      mantinh
mantivemos                    mantiv
mantiver                      mantiv
mantiveram                    mantiv
mantiverem                    mantiv
mantivesse                    mantiv
manto                         mant
mantos                        mant
mantovani                     mantovan
mantras                       mantr
manuais                       manu
manual                        manual
manualmente                   manual
manuel                        manuel
manufaturados                 manufatur
manutenc,a~o                  manutenc,a~
manzano                       manzan
mao                           mao
ma~o                          ma~
maome'                        maom
ma~os                         ma~
ma~ozinha                     ma~ozinh
mapa                          map
mapas                         map
mapeadas                      map
mapeado                       map
mapeamento                    mapeament
mapear                        map
mappin                        mappin
maquiadas                     maqui
maquiador                     maquiador
maquiagem                     maquiag
maquiagens                    maquiagens
maquiavel                     maquiavel
maquiavelismo                 maquiavel
maquilado                     maquil
maquiladora                   maquil
maquilagem                    maquilag
maquilagens                   maquilagens
ma'quina                      ma'quin
maquina'rio                   maquina'ri
ma'quinas                     ma'quin
maquiou                       maqui
mar                           mar
mara                          mar
maracana~                     maracana~
maracana~s                    maracana~s
maracana~zinho                maracana~zinh
maracutaia                    maracuta
maracutaias                   maracuta
marais                        mar
maraja'                       maraj
marakanond                    marakanond
maranha~o                     maranha~
maranhense                    maranhens
maranhenses                   maranhens
maratona                      maraton
maravilha                     maravilh
maravilhada                   maravilh
maravilhas                    maravilh
maravilhosa                   maravilh
maravilhosas                  maravilh
maravilhoso                   maravilh
maravilhosos                  maravilh
marca                         marc
marca'                        marc
marcac,a~o                    marcac,a~
marcada                       marc
marcadamente                  marcad
marcadas                      marc
marcado                       marc
marcadores                    marcador
marcados                      marc
marcante                      marcant
marcantes                     marcant
marcanto^nio                  marcanto^ni
marcar                        marc
marcaram                      marc
marcas                        marc
marcava                       marc
marcel                        marcel
marcela                       marcel
marcelino                     marcelin
marcello                      marcell
marcelo                       marcel
marcenaria                    marcen
marceneiro                    marceneir
marceneiros                   marceneir
march                         march
marcha                        march
marchand                      marchand
marchar                       march
marchas                       march
marchou                       march
marcia                        marc
ma'rcia                       ma'rc
marciana                      marcian
marci'lio                     marci'li
marcinho                      marcinh
marcio                        marci
ma'rcio                       ma'rci
marco                         marc
marc,o                        marc
marcolino                     marcolin
marcos                        marc
marcou                        marc
mare'                         mar
marechal                      marechal
mares                         mar
maresias                      mares
marfim                        marfim
margaret                      margaret
margarete                     margaret
margem                        marg
margens                       margens
marginais                     margin
marginal                      marginal
marginalizado                 marginaliz
marginalizados                marginaliz
mari                          mar
maria                         mar
mariana                       marian
mariane                       marian
mariano                       marian
marias                        mar
marido                        mar
maridos                       mar
marie                         mari
mariel                        mariel
marieta                       mariet
marighella                    marighell
marijuana                     marijuan
marilda                       marild
marilena                      marilen
mari'lia                      mari'l
marilyn                       marilyn
marilza                       marilz
marimbondos                   marimbond
marina                        marin
marinha                       marinh
marinheiro                    marinheir
marinheiros                   marinheir
marinho                       marinh
marinhos                      marinh
marini                        marin
marins                        marins
mario                         mari
ma'rio                        ma'ri
marion                        marion
marisa                        maris
marisol                       marisol
marista                       marist
mari'tima                     mari'tim
mari'timas                    mari'tim
mari'timo                     mari'tim
mariz                         mariz
marjorie                      marjori
mark                          mark
marketeira                    marketeir
marketing                     marketing
marks                         marks
markus                        markus
marlboro                      marlbor
marlene                       marlen
marli                         marl
marlon                        marlon
marluce                       marluc
marmita                       marmit
marmo                         marm
ma'rmore                      ma'rmor
marola                        marol
marote                        marot
marquei                       marqu
marques                       marqu
marque^s                      marque^s
marqueteiro                   marqueteir
ma'rquez                      ma'rquez
marquise                      marquis
marretas                      marret
marreteiros                   marreteir
marrey                        marrey
marrocos                      marroc
marrom                        marrom
marselha                      marselh
marshall                      marshall
marta                         mart
marte                         mart
martelo                       martel
martelos                      martel
martelou                      martel
martha                        marth
marti'                        mart
martin                        martin
martina                       martin
martines                      martin
martinez                      martinez
martinho                      martinh
martini                       martin
martinn                       martinn
martino                       martin
martins                       martins
ma'rtir                       ma'rt
ma'rtires                     ma'rt
marti'rio                     marti'ri
martuza                       martuz
marujos                       maruj
marx                          marx
marxista                      marxist
mary                          mary
maryland                      maryland
marzo                         marz
mas                           mas
ma's                          ma's
masaga~o                      masaga~
masano                        masan
mascar                        masc
ma'scara                      ma'sc
mascarando                    mascar
ma'scaras                     ma'sc
mascarenhas                   mascarenh
masculina                     masculin
masculinas                    masculin
masculinidade                 masculin
masculinizado                 masculiniz
masculino                     masculin
masculinos                    masculin
ma'sculo                      ma'scul
maseratti                     maseratt
masina                        masin
masmorra                      masmorr
mason                         mason
masoquista                    masoqu
masp                          masp
mass                          mass
massa                         mass
massachusetts                 massachusetts
massacre                      massacr
massacres                     massacr
massageado                    massag
massagem                      massag
massagens                     massagens
massagista                    massag
massaini                      massain
massanori                     massanor
massaranduba                  massarandub
massas                        mass
massey                        massey
massificac,a~o                massific
massini                       massin
massivo                       massiv
masson                        masson
master                        mast
masterclass                   masterclass
mastiga                       mastig
mastologia                    mastolog
mata                          mat
mata'                         mat
matado                        mat
matagal                       matagal
matam                         mat
matamoros                     matamor
matanc,a                      matanc
matando                       mat
matandos                      matand
matar                         mat
mataram                       mat
matarazzo                     matarazz
matarem                       mat
matari'amos                   mat
matas                         mat
matasse                       mat
matava                        mat
matavam                       mat
matema'tica                   matema't
matema'tico                   matema't
matema'ticos                  matema't
mateo                         mat
mater                         mat
ma'ter                        ma't
mate'ria                      mate'r
materiais                     materi
material                      material
materialista                  material
materializac,a~o              materializ
materializar                  materializ
materializou                  materializ
materialmente                 material
mate'rias                     mate'r
materna                       matern
maternal                      maternal
maternidade                   matern
materno                       matern
mateus                        mateus
matheus                       matheus
matine^                       matin
matine^s                      matine^s
matizes                       matiz
mato                          mat
matos                         mat
matoso                        matos
matou                         mat
matriarca                     matriarc
matri'cula                    matri'cul
matriculada                   matricul
matriculados                  matricul
matriculando                  matricul
matricularam                  matricul
matrimo^nio                   matrimo^ni
matrimo^nios                  matrimo^ni
matrix                        matrix
matriz                        matriz
matrizes                      matriz
mattar                        matt
matte                         matt
matteo                        matt
matthew                       matthew
matthews                      matthews
mattoli                       mattol
mattos                        matt
maturidade                    matur
matusale'm                    matusale'm
matutar                       matut
matutino                      matutin
matuto                        matut
mau                           mau
maua'                         mau
maudsley                      maudsley
mauri                         maur
mauricinhos                   mauricinh
mauri'cio                     mauri'ci
maurizio                      maurizi
mauro                         maur
maus                          maus
mausole'u                     mausole'u
mautner                       mautn
max                           max
maxilar                       maxil
maxima                        maxim
ma'xima                       ma'xim
ma'ximo                       ma'xim
maxixe                        maxix
mayer                         may
mayo                          may
mayrink                       mayrink
mazda                         mazd
mazelas                       mazel
mazindol                      mazindol
mazzola                       mazzol
mb                            mb
mbr                           mbr
mc                            mc
mcdean                        mcdean
mcdonald                      mcdonald
mcdonnell                     mcdonnell
mcenroe                       mcenro
mcgill                        mcgill
mckinley                      mckinley
mcleodusa                     mcleodus
mcmorrow                      mcmorrow
mct                           mct
md                            md
mdb                           mdb
me                            me
mea                           mea
meada                         mead
meados                        mead
meb                           meb
mec                           mec
meca                          mec
meca^nica                     meca^n
meca^nicas                    meca^n
mecanicista                   mecanic
meca^nico                     meca^n
meca^nicos                    meca^n
mecanismo                     mecan
mecanismos                    mecan
mecanizada                    mecaniz
mecanizadas                   mecaniz
mecanizado                    mecaniz
mecanizar                     mecaniz
mecas                         mec
mechas                        mech
med                           med
medalha~o                     medalha~
medalho~es                    medalho~
mede                          med
mede'ia                       med
medeiros                      medeir
medelli'n                     medelli'n
medem                         med
me'dia                        me'd
mediac,a~o                    mediac,a~
mediados                      medi
mediam                        med
mediante                      mediant
me'dias                       me'd
me'dica                       me'dic
medicac,a~o                   medic
medicada                      medic
medicados                     medic
medicamento                   medic
medicamentos                  medic
medicamentosa                 medicament
medic,a~o                     medic,a~
medicar                       medic
me'dicas                      me'dic
me'dici                       me'dic
medicina                      medicin
medicinal                     medicinal
medicinas                     medicin
me'dico                       me'dic
me'dicos                      me'dic
medida                        med
medidas                       med
medido                        med
medidor                       medidor
medidores                     medidor
medievais                     mediev
medieval                      medieval
medievo                       mediev
medimos                       med
medina                        medin
me'dio                        me'di
medi'ocre                     medi'ocr
medi'ocres                    medi'ocr
me'dios                       me'di
medir                         med
meditar                       medit
mediterra^nea                 mediterra^n
mediterra^neo                 mediterra^n
mediu                         med
me'dium                       me'dium
me'diuns                      me'diuns
medo                          med
medonho                       medonh
medos                         med
medrosa                       medros
medula                        medul
medulares                     medul
mega                          meg
megaage^ncia                  megaagent
megabytes                     megabyt
megadrama'ticos               megadrama't
megaempresa                   megaempres
megaestrelas                  megaestrel
megaevento                    megaevent
megalaborato'rio              megalaborato'ri
megale                        megal
megalo^manos                  megalo^man
megamiliona'ria               megamiliona'r
megassucesso                  megassucess
megastars                     megastars
megastores                    megastor
megatende^ncias               megatendent
megatons                      megatons
megawatts                     megawatts
megera                        meg
megestat                      megestat
mehana                        mehan
meia                          mei
meias                         mei
me'ier                        me'i
meiga                         meig
meigo                         meig
meio                          mei
meios                         mei
meira                         meir
meireles                      meirel
mel                           mel
meladas                       mel
melanco'lico                  melanco'l
mela~o                        mela~
melare'                       melar
melbourne                     melbourn
melhor                        melhor
melhora                       melhor
melhoradinha                  melhoradinh
melhorado                     melhor
melhoram                      melhor
melhoramentos                 melhor
melhorando                    melhor
melhorar                      melhor
melhoraram                    melhor
melhoras                      melhor
melhore                       melhor
melhores                      melhor
melhoria                      melhor
melhorias                     melhor
melhoro                       melhor
melhorou                      melhor
melia'                        meli
melina                        melin
melinde                       melind
melindres                     melindr
melinger                      meling
melissa                       meliss
mellinger                     melling
mello                         mell
melo                          mel
melodia                       melod
melodias                      melod
melo'dica                     melo'd
melodrama                     melodram
melodrama'tico                melodrama't
melo^mano                     melo^man
melo^manos                    melo^man
melos                         mel
melosa                        melos
melvin                        melvin
melvyn                        melvyn
member                        memb
membro                        membr
membros                       membr
meme^                         mem
memo                          mem
memora'vel                    memor
memo'ria                      memo'r
memorial                      memorial
memo'rias                     memo'r
memorizam                     memoriz
men                           men
menc,a~o                      menc,a~
mencionado                    mencion
mencionar                     mencion
mencionei                     mencion
mencionou                     mencion
menconi                       mencon
mendel                        mendel
mendes                        mend
mendica^ncia                  mendica^nc
mendigo                       mendig
mendigos                      mendig
mendonc,a                     mendonc
meneghine                     meneghin
menezes                       menez
menina                        menin
meninas                       menin
meninice                      meninic
menininha                     menininh
menininhas                    menininh
menino                        menin
meninos                       menin
menisco                       menisc
menopausa                     menopaus
menor                         menor
menores                       menor
menos                         men
mensageiro                    mensageir
mensageiros                   mensageir
mensagem                      mensag
mensagens                     mensagens
mensais                       mens
mensal                        mensal
mensalidade                   mensal
mensalidades                  mensal
mensalmente                   mensal
menstrua                      menstru
menstruac,a~o                 menstruac,a~
menstruac,o~es                menstruac,o~
menstruada                    menstru
menstrual                     menstrual
menstruam                     menstru
menstruaram                   menstru
mensurar                      mensur
menta                         ment
mentais                       ment
mental                        mental
mentalidade                   mental
mentalizac,a~o                mentaliz
mentalmente                   mental
mente                         ment
mentem                        ment
mentindo                      ment
mentir                        ment
mentira                       ment
mentiram                      ment
mentiras                      ment
mentirem                      ment
mentiria                      ment
mentirinha                    mentirinh
mentiroso                     mentir
mentirosos                    mentir
mentiu                        ment
mentor                        mentor
menu                          menu
menus                         menus
mera                          mer
meramente                     mer
mercadante                    mercadant
mercado                       merc
mercadolo'gico                mercadolo'g
mercadores                    mercador
mercadoria                    mercador
mercadorias                   mercador
mercados                      merc
mercancini                    mercancin
mercantil                     mercantil
mercator                      mercator
merceda~o                     merceda~
mercedes                      merced
mercena'ria                   mercena'r
mercena'rio                   mercena'ri
mercena'rios                  mercena'ri
me'rcio                       me'rci
merck                         merck
mercosul                      mercosul
mercury                       mercury
merece                        merec
merecedor                     merecedor
merecem                       merec
merecendo                     merec
merecer                       merec
mereceram                     merec
mereceu                       merec
merecia                       merec
merecido                      merec
merecimento                   merec
merec,o                       merec
merege                        mereg
merenda                       merend
merengue                      mereng
mergulha                      mergulh
mergulhada                    mergulh
mergulhado                    mergulh
mergulhador                   mergulh
mergulhadores                 mergulh
mergulham                     mergulh
mergulhando                   mergulh
mergulhar                     mergulh
mergulharam                   mergulh
mergulho                      mergulh
mergulhos                     mergulh
mergulhou                     mergulh
meridien                      meridien
meriti                        merit
meriti'ssimo                  meriti'ssim
me'rito                       me'rit
meritocracia                  meritocrac
merlin                        merlin
merlot                        merlot
mero                          mer
meros                         mer
merrill                       merrill
me^s                          me^s
mesa                          mes
mesada                        mes
mesadas                       mes
mesalinho                     mesalinh
mesas                         mes
mesbla                        mesbl
mescal                        mescal
mescla                        mescl
mesclada                      mescl
mesclado                      mescl
meses                         mes
mesinha                       mesinh
mesma                         mesm
mesmas                        mesm
mesmice                       mesmic
mesmo                         mesm
mesmos                        mesm
mesquita                      mesquit
mesquitas                     mesquit
messia^nico                   messia^n
messianismo                   messian
messias                       mess
mestic,o                      mestic
mestic,os                     mestic
mestrado                      mestr
mestre                        mestr
mestres                       mestr
meta                          met
metabo'licas                  metabo'l
metabolizar                   metaboliz
metabologia                   metabolog
metade                        metad
meta'fora                     meta'for
metaforicamente               metafor
metais                        met
metal                         metal
meta'lico                     meta'l
metalizou                     metaliz
metalurgia                    metalurg
metalu'rgica                  metalu'rg
metamorfose                   metamorfos
metas                         met
meta'stases                   meta'stas
metemos                       met
meteo'rica                    meteo'r
meteorologia                  meteorolog
meteorolo'gica                meteorolo'g
meteorolo'gicas               meteorolo'g
meter                         met
meteram                       met
meteu                         met
metia                         met
metiam                        met
meticulosamente               meticul
meticuloso                    meticul
metida                        met
metido                        met
metidos                       met
me'tier                       me'ti
meto'dico                     meto'd
metodista                     metod
me'todo                       me'tod
metodologia                   metodolog
metodologias                  metodolog
me'todos                      me'tod
metotrexate                   metotrexat
metragem                      metrag
metralhado                    metralh
metralhadora                  metralh
metralhadoras                 metralh
me'trico                      me'tric
metro                         metr
metro^                        metro^
metro'pole                    metro'pol
metro'poles                   metro'pol
metro'polis                   metro'pol
metropolitan                  metropolitan
metropolitana                 metropolitan
metropolitanas                metropolitan
metros                        metr
meu                           meu
meus                          meus
mexe                          mex
mexem                         mex
mexer                         mex
mexeria                       mex
mexericando                   mexeric
mexeu                         mex
mexi                          mex
mexia                         mex
mexicana                      mexican
mexicanas                     mexican
mexicano                      mexican
mexicanos                     mexican
me'xico                       me'xic
mexirica                      mexir
meyer                         mey
mezarobba                     mezarobb
mezinhas                      mezinh
mezzo                         mezz
mg                            mg
mgm                           mgm
mhz                           mhz
mi'                           mi'
miami                         miam
miar                          miar
micados                       mic
mic,angas                     mic,ang
micaram                       mic
michael                       michael
michaelicheh                  michaelicheh
michalski                     michalsk
michel                        michel
michelotti                    michelott
michigan                      michigan
mick                          mick
mickey                        mickey
mico                          mic
micoses                       micos
micreiro                      micreir
micro                         micr
micro'bios                    micro'bi
microcomputador               microcomput
microempresa'rio              microempresa'ri
microfilme                    microfilm
microfilmou                   microfilm
microfone                     microfon
microondas                    microond
microo^nibus                  microo^nibus
micros                        micr
microsco'pica                 microsco'p
microscopicamente             microscop
microsco'pico                 microsco'p
microsco'pio                  microsco'pi
microsoft                     microsoft
microsubmarino                microsubmarin
microvlar                     microvl
midas                         mid
middle                        middl
middlesbrough                 middlesbrough
midem                         mid
mi'dia                        mi'd
mi'dias                       mi'd
mielke                        mielk
mignon                        mignon
migrac,o~es                   migrac,o~
migrantes                     migrant
migrar                        migr
migraram                      migr
migrato'rio                   migrato'ri
migrou                        migr
miguel                        miguel
mike                          mik
mil                           mil
milagre                       milagr
milagreiro                    milagreir
milagres                      milagr
milagrosa                     milagr
milagrosas                    milagr
milagroso                     milagr
mila~o                        mila~
milena                        milen
milenar                       milen
milenares                     milen
milene                        milen
mile^nio                      mile^ni
mile^nios                     mile^ni
mile'simo                     mile'sim
mile'simos                    mile's
milfede                       milfed
milha~o                       milha~
milharal                      milharal
milhares                      milh
milho                         milh
milho~es                      milho~
mili'cias                     mili'c
miligrama                     miligram
miligramas                    miligram
milime'tricas                 milime'tr
mili'metro                    mili'metr
mili'metros                   mili'metr
miliona'ria                   miliona'r
miliona'rias                  miliona'r
miliona'rio                   miliona'ri
miliona'rios                  miliona'ri
milita^ncia                   milita^nc
militante                     militant
militantes                    militant
milita~o                      milita~
militar                       milit
militaram                     milit
militares                     milit
militello                     militell
militou                       milit
milken                        milken
milla                         mill
miller                        mill
millet                        millet
millo^r                       millo^r
milton                        milton
mim                           mim
mimada                        mim
mimeografado                  mimeograf
mimeo'grafo                   mimeo'graf
mime'tica                     mime't
mimetizadas                   mimetiz
mi'mica                       mi'mic
mimos                         mim
min                           min
mina                          min
minado                        min
minaram                       min
minarelli                     minarell
minaretes                     minaret
minas                         min
mindlin                       mindlin
mineira                       mineir
mineira~o                     min
mineirinho                    mineirinh
mineiro                       mineir
mineiros                      mineir
minerac,a~o                   miner
mineradora                    miner
minerais                      miner
mineral                       mineral
mine'rio                      mine'ri
mine'rios                     mine'ri
mingaus                       mingaus
minguado                      mingu
minguados                     mingu
minha                         minh
minhas                        minh
miniaturas                    miniatur
miniaturizac,a~o              miniaturiz
miniblusa                     miniblus
minicenso                     minicens
minicratera                   minicrat
minifa~s                      minifa~s
mi'nima                       mi'nim
minimalista                   minimal
minimamente                   minim
mi'nimas                      mi'nim
minimizam                     minimiz
minimizar                     minimiz
mi'nimo                       mi'nim
mi'nimos                      mi'n
minimulher                    minimulh
minissaia                     minissa
minisse'rie                   minisse'ri
minisse'ries                  minisse'ri
ministerial                   ministerial
ministe'rio                   ministe'ri
ministe'rios                  ministe'ri
ministras                     ministr
ministro                      ministr
ministros                     ministr
minnesotta                    minnesott
mino                          min
minoria                       minor
minorias                      minor
minorita'ria                  minorita'r
minorita'rio                  minorita'ri
minta                         mint
minu'cias                     minu'c
minuciosa                     minuc
minuciosas                    minuc
minucioso                     minuc
minu'scula                    minu'scul
minu'sculo                    minu'scul
minu'sculos                   minu'scul
minuta                        minut
minuto                        minut
minutos                       minut
mioca'rdio                    mioca'rdi
miolo                         miol
mioma                         miom
miomas                        miom
miomatoso                     miomat
mi'opes                       mi'op
miopia                        miop
miou                          miou
mir                           mir
mira                          mir
mirabolantes                  mirabolant
miraculosa                    miracul
mirage                        mirag
miragem                       mirag
miramax                       miramax
miranda                       mirand
mirani                        miran
mirante                       mirant
mircea                        mirc
miriam                        mir
mi'riam                       mi'r
mirian                        mirian
mi'rian                       mi'rian
mirim                         mirim
miro                          mir
miron                         miron
mirrado                       mirr
miscela^nea                   miscela^n
miscigenac,a~o                miscigen
misera'veis                   miser
misera'vel                    miser
miseravelmente                miser
mise'ria                      mise'r
miserico'rdia                 miserico'rd
mi'seros                      mi'ser
miss                          miss
missa                         miss
missa~o                       missa~
missas                        miss
misse'rie                     misse'ri
misses                        miss
missiona'ria                  missiona'r
missiona'rias                 missiona'r
missiona'rio                  missiona'ri
missiona'rios                 missiona'ri
mississippi                   mississipp
misso~es                      misso~
mista                         mist
miste'rio                     miste'ri
miste'rios                    miste'ri
misteriosa                    misteri
misteriosas                   misteri
misterioso                    misteri
mi'stica                      mi'stic
mi'stico                      mi'stic
mistificando                  mistific
misto                         mist
mistura                       mistur
misturada                     mistur
misturadas                    mistur
misturado                     mistur
misturados                    mistur
misturam                      mistur
misturando                    mistur
misturar                      mistur
misturas                      mistur
misturava                     mistur
mit                           mit
mi'tico                       mi'tic
mito                          mit
mitologia                     mitolog
mitolo'gico                   mitolo'g
mitos                         mit
mitsubishi                    mitsubish
mitsui                        mitsu
mitsuo                        mitsu
mitterrand                    mitterrand
miu'da                        miu'd
miudeza                       miudez
miudezas                      miudez
miu'dos                       miu'd
mix                           mix
mixado                        mix
ml                            ml
mmx                           mmx
moacir                        moac
moagem                        moag
moares                        moar
mobilia'ria                   mobilia'r
mobilia'rio                   mobilia'ri
mobilidade                    mobil
mobilizac,a~o                 mobiliz
mobilizar                     mobiliz
mobilizou                     mobiliz
mobral                        mobral
moc,a                         moc
moc,ambique                   moc,ambiqu
moc,as                        moc
mocassim                      mocassim
mochila                       mochil
mochileiros                   mochileir
mocidade                      mocidad
mocinhas                      mocinh
moc,o                         moc
moc,os                        moc
mocoto'                       mocot
mod                           mod
moda                          mod
modalidade                    modal
modalidades                   modal
model                         model
modelagem                     modelag
modelar                       model
modeling                      modeling
modelista                     model
modelistas                    model
modelo                        model
modelos                       model
models                        models
modem                         mod
modems                        modems
moderac,a~o                   moder
moderadamente                 moder
moderadas                     moder
moderado                      moder
moderador                     moder
moderadores                   moder
moderados                     moder
moderar                       moder
moderassem                    moder
moderini                      moderin
moderna                       modern
modernas                      modern
modernidade                   modern
modernizac,a~o                moderniz
modernizar                    moderniz
modernizaram                  moderniz
moderno                       modern
modernos                      modern
modernoso                     modern
modesta                       modest
modestamente                  modest
modestas                      modest
modestia                      modest
mode'stia                     mode'st
modesto                       modest
modestos                      modest
modificac,a~o                 modific
modificac,o~es                modific
modificada                    modific
modificado                    modific
modificados                   modific
modificando                   modific
modificar                     modific
modificaram                   modific
modificaria                   modific
modificou                     modific
modinhas                      modinh
modismo                       modism
modismos                      modism
modo                          mod
modos                         mod
mo'dulo                       mo'dul
mo'dulos                      mo'dul
modus                         modus
moeda                         moed
moedas                        moed
moema                         moem
moet                          moet
mogi                          mog
mogno                         mogn
mogul                         mogul
moi                           moi
moinho                        moinh
moise's                       moise's
mojave                        mojav
mola                          mol
molas                         mol
molda                         mold
moldado                       mold
moldar                        mold
molde                         mold
moldes                        mold
moldou                        mold
moldura                       moldur
mole                          mol
molecada                      molec
molecagem                     molecag
molecagens                    molecagens
mole'cula                     mole'cul
molecular                     molecul
moleculares                   molecul
mole'culas                    mole'cul
molejo                        molej
moleque                       molequ
moleques                      molequ
molestado                     molest
mole'stia                     mole'st
moleza                        molez
molhada                       molh
molhava                       molh
molho                         molh
molhos                        molh
molie`re                      molie`r
molina                        molin
moluscos                      molusc
momenta^nea                   momenta^n
momentaneamente               momentan
momenta^neas                  momenta^n
momenta^neos                  momenta^n
momento                       moment
momentos                      moment
momentoso                     moment
mo^naco                       mo^nac
monarca                       monarc
monarquia                     monarqu
mona'rquica                   mona'rqu
monarquista                   monarqu
monaste'rio                   monaste'ri
monazi'tica                   monazi't
monday                        monday
monde                         mond
moneta'ria                    moneta'r
money                         money
monge                         mong
monges                        mong
mongo'is                      mongo'
mongol                        mongol
mongo'lia                     mongo'l
monica                        monic
mo^nica                       mo^nic
monique                       moniqu
monitorac,a~o                 monitor
monitorados                   monitor
monitoramento                 monitor
monitorar                     monitor
monitores                     monitor
moniz                         moniz
mono                          mon
monoga^mica                   monoga^m
monoga^mico                   monoga^m
monoga^micos                  monoga^m
monopo'lio                    monopo'li
monopo'lios                   monopo'li
monosso'dico                  monosso'd
monotei'stas                  monotei'st
monotema'tica                 monotema't
monotema'tico                 monotema't
mono'tona                     mono'ton
mono'tono                     mono'ton
monroe                        monro
monsenhor                     monsenhor
monserrat                     monserrat
monstrengos                   monstreng
monstro                       monstr
mont                          mont
monta                         mont
montada                       mont
montadas                      mont
montado                       mont
montadora                     montador
montadoras                    montador
montados                      mont
montagem                      montag
montagens                     montagens
montam                        mont
montamos                      mont
montana                       montan
montanarini                   montanarin
montanaro                     montanar
montando                      mont
montanha                      montanh
montanhas                     montanh
montanheses                   montanhes
montanhismo                   montanh
montanhista                   montanh
montanhosa                    montanh
montanhoso                    montanh
montante                      montant
monta~o                       monta~
montar                        mont
montaram                      mont
montaria                      mont
montava                       mont
monte                         mont
montei                        mont
monteiro                      monteir
monteleone                    monteleon
montellizado                  montelliz
montello                      montell
montenegro                    montenegr
montes                        mont
montoro                       montor
montou                        mont
montreal                      montreal
monumentais                   monument
monumental                    monumental
monumento                     monument
monumentos                    monument
monza                         monz
moon                          moon
moore                         moor
mor                           mor
mora                          mor
moradia                       morad
morado                        mor
morador                       morador
moradora                      morador
moradoras                     morador
moradores                     morador
moraes                        mora
morais                        mor
moral                         moral
moralidades                   moral
moralismo                     moral
moralista                     moral
moralistas                    moral
moram                         mor
moramos                       mor
morando                       mor
morar                         mor
morarmos                      mor
morato                        morat
morato'ria                    morato'r
morava                        mor
moravam                       mor
mora'vamos                    mor
mordida                       mord
mordomias                     mordom
moreau                        moreau
morei                         mor
moreira                       moreir
morena                        moren
morenas                       moren
morengueira                   morengueir
moreno                        moren
moretto                       morett
morfeu                        morf
morfologia                    morfolog
morfolo'gicas                 morfolo'g
morgan                        morgan
moribunda                     moribund
moribundo                     moribund
moritz                        moritz
moro                          mor
morou                         mor
morre                         morr
morrem                        morr
morrendo                      morr
morrer                        morr
morreram                      morr
morrera~o                     morr
morreria                      morr
morreriam                     morr
morresse                      morr
morreu                        morr
morri                         morr
morria                        morr
morriam                       morr
morrido                       morr
morro                         morr
morros                        morr
morrotes                      morrot
morta                         mort
morta'gua                     morta'gu
mortais                       mort
mortal                        mortal
mortalidade                   mortal
mortalmente                   mortal
mortas                        mort
morte                         mort
morteiros                     morteir
mortes                        mort
morto                         mort
morton                        morton
mortos                        mort
morumbi                       morumb
morumbifashion                morumbifashion
mosaico                       mosaic
moscas                        mosc
moscatti                      moscatt
moscou                        mosc
moskos                        mosk
mosmorama                     mosmoram
mosquito                      mosquit
mosquitos                     mosquit
mossoro'                      mossor
mostarda                      mostard
mosteiro                      mosteir
mosteiros                     mosteir
mostra                        mostr
mostra'                       mostr
mostrado                      mostr
mostradores                   mostrador
mostram                       mostr
mostramos                     mostr
mostrando                     mostr
mostrar                       mostr
mostrara                      mostr
mostrara'                     mostr
mostraram                     mostr
mostras                       mostr
mostrasse                     mostr
mostrava                      mostr
mostravam                     mostr
mostre                        mostr
mostrei                       mostr
mostrem                       mostr
mostro                        mostr
mostrou                       mostr
mota                          mot
motel                         motel
motins                        motins
motivac,a~o                   motiv
motivada                      motiv
motivadas                     motiv
motivado                      motiv
motivaram                     motiv
motivo                        motiv
motivos                       motiv
moto                          mot
motocicleta                   motociclet
motocross                     motocross
motor                         motor
motora                        motor
motores                       motor
motorista                     motor
motoristas                    motor
motorizados                   motoriz
motorola                      motorol
motors                        motors
motos                         mot
mott                          mott
motta                         mott
moubarak                      moubarak
moulage                       moulag
moura                         mour
mourad                        mourad
moura~o                       moura~
moureau                       moureau
mouse                         mous
moussawer                     moussaw
mousson                       mousson
mo'veis                       mo'v
mo'vel                        mo'vel
movem                         mov
movement                      movement
movendo                       mov
mover                         mov
moveram                       mov
moveu                         mov
movida                        mov
movido                        mov
movidos                       mov
movimenta                     moviment
movimentac,a~o                moviment
movimentada                   moviment
movimentadas                  moviment
movimentados                  moviment
movimentam                    moviment
movimentar                    moviment
movimentava                   moviment
movimento                     moviment
movimentos                    moviment
movimentou                    moviment
mozart                        mozart
mozine                        mozin
mpb                           mpb
mpla                          mpla
mpm                           mpm
mr                            mr
mrk                           mrk
ms                            ms
mst                           mst
mt                            mt
mtv                           mtv
mu'cio                        mu'ci
mucosa                        mucos
muc,ulmana                    muc,ulman
muc,ulmano                    muc,ulman
muc,ulmanos                   muc,ulman
muda                          mud
muda'                         mud
mudada                        mud
mudadas                       mud
mudado                        mud
mudamos                       mud
mudanc,a                      mudanc
mudanc,as                     mudanc
mudando                       mud
mudar                         mud
mudara                        mud
mudara'                       mud
mudaram                       mud
mudaria                       mud
mude                          mud
mudei                         mud
mudez                         mudez
mudo                          mud
mudos                         mud
mudou                         mud
muggiati                      muggiat
muita                         muit
muitas                        muit
muito                         muit
muitos                        muit
mujalli                       mujall
mula                          mul
mulas                         mul
mulata                        mulat
mulatas                       mulat
mulatice                      mulatic
mulatinho                     mulatinh
mulato                        mulat
mulatos                       mulat
mulatti                       mulatt
muletas                       mulet
mulher                        mulh
mulherada                     mulher
mulhera~o                     mulh
mulherengo                    mulhereng
mulheres                      mulh
muller                        mull
mu"ller                       mu"ller
multa                         mult
multa'                        mult
multados                      mult
multam                        mult
multar                        mult
multas                        mult
multicolorida                 multicolor
multida~o                     multida~
multidisciplinar              multidisciplin
multido~es                    multido~
multimi'dia                   multimi'd
multimiliona'rio              multimiliona'ri
multinacionais                multinacion
multinacional                 multinacional
mu'ltipla                     mu'ltipl
mu'ltiplas                    mu'ltipl
multiplica                    multipl
multiplicac,a~o               multiplic
multiplicado                  multiplic
multiplicam                   multiplic
multiplicar                   multiplic
multiplicaram                 multiplic
multiplicou                   multiplic
mu'ltiplo                     mu'ltipl
mundana                       mundan
mu'ndi                        mu'nd
mundiais                      mundi
mundial                       mundial
mundialmente                  mundial
mundista                      mundist
mundo                         mund
mundos                        mund
munhoz                        munhoz
munic,a~o                     munic,a~
municiemos                    munic
municipais                    municip
municipal                     municipal
municipalizac,a~o             municipaliz
munici'pio                    munici'pi
munici'pios                   munici'pi
munidas                       mun
munique                       muniqu
muniz                         muniz
munno                         munn
murad                         murad
muralha                       muralh
muralhas                      muralh
murcha                        murch
murcho                        murch
murilo                        muril
muro                          mur
murro                         murr
mururoa                       mururo
musa                          mus
musas                         mus
musculac,a~o                  muscul
muscular                      muscul
musculares                    muscul
musculatura                   musculatur
mu'sculo                      mu'scul
mu'sculos                     mu'scul
musculoso                     muscul
musculosos                    muscul
muse'e                        muse'
museu                         mus
museum                        museum
museus                        museus
musgo                         musg
music                         music
mu'sica                       mu'sic
musicais                      music
musical                       musical
mu'sicas                      mu'sic
mu'sico                       mu'sic
mu'sicos                      mu'sic
musotto                       musott
musseline                     musselin
must                          must
mustafa                       mustaf
muster                        must
mutac,a~o                     mutac,a~
mutac,o~es                    mutac,o~
mutado                        mut
mutante                       mutant
mutilados                     mutil
mutretas                      mutret
mutuamente                    mutu
mutua'rios                    mutua'ri
mu'tuo                        mu'tu
muy                           muy
muylaert                      muylaert
muyupampa                     muyupamp
mx                            mx
my                            my
mylles                        mylles
myste'res                     myste'r
n                             n
na                            na
nababesco                     nababesc
nabil                         nabil
nabo                          nab
nabor                         nabor
nabos                         nab
nabuco                        nabuc
nac,a~o                       nac,a~
nachtergaele                  nachtergael
nacionais                     nacion
nacional                      nacional
nacionalidade                 nacional
nacionalismo                  nacional
nacionalista                  nacional
nacionalistas                 nacional
nacionalmente                 nacional
nac,o~es                      nac,o~
nada                          nad
nadando                       nad
nadar                         nad
na'degas                      na'deg
nadja                         nadj
nador                         nador
nadotti                       nadott
nadou                         nad
nafta                         naft
nagasaki                      nagasak
nagato                        nagat
nagesh                        nagesh
nago^                         nago^
nahuel                        nahuel
nahum                         nahum
naief                         naief
na'ilon                       na'ilon
naipe                         naip
naira                         nair
nairo                         nair
nakao                         naka
nalbert                       nalbert
nalina                        nalin
namora                        namor
namora'                       namor
namorada                      namor
namoradas                     namor
namoradinhos                  namoradinh
namorado                      namor
namorador                     namor
namorados                     namor
namoramos                     namor
namorando                     namor
namorar                       namor
namoraram                     namor
namorava                      namor
namoravam                     namor
namorei                       namor
namoro                        namor
namoros                       namor
namorou                       namor
nan                           nan
nana                          nan
na~na~                        na~na~
nancy                         nancy
nanda                         nand
nanini                        nanin
nanquim                       nanquim
nanterre                      nanterr
na~o                          na~
naomi                         naom
na~os                         na~
napolea~o                     napolea~
napoleo^nicas                 napoleo^n
naquela                       naquel
naquelas                      naquel
naquele                       naquel
naqueles                      naquel
naquilo                       naquil
narcisismo                    narcis
narcisista                    narcis
narciso                       narcis
narcos                        narc
narco'ticos                   narco't
narcotraficantes              narcotraficant
narcotra'fico                 narcotra'f
nardeli                       nardel
narguile's                    narguile's
narigudo                      narigud
nariz                         nariz
narra                         narr
narrador                      narrador
narradores                    narrador
narrativa                     narrat
narvaes                       narva
nas                           nas
nasa                          nas
nasais                        nas
nasal                         nasal
nasce                         nasc
nascem                        nasc
nascer                        nasc
nascera                       nasc
nasceram                      nasc
nasceu                        nasc
nasci                         nasc
nascia                        nasc
nascida                       nasc
nascidas                      nasc
nascido                       nasc
nascidos                      nasc
nascimento                    nasciment
nasr                          nasr
nasser                        nass
nastassia                     nastass
nata                          nat
natac,a~o                     natac,a~
natal                         natal
nata'lia                      nata'l
natalina                      natalin
natalino                      natalin
natanson                      natanson
nata'rio                      nata'ri
natasha                       natash
nation                        nation
national                      national
nations                       nations
nativa                        nativ
nativas                       nativ
nativo                        nativ
nativos                       nativ
nato                          nat
natura                        natur
naturais                      natur
natural                       natural
naturalidade                  natural
naturalismo                   natural
naturalista                   natural
naturalistas                  natural
naturalmente                  natural
nature                        natur
natureza                      natur
naturezas                     natur
nau                           nau
naufra'gio                    naufra'gi
naufra'gios                   naufra'gi
naufragou                     naufrag
naus                          naus
na'useas                      na'us
na'utica                      na'utic
na'utico                      na'utic
na'uticos                     na'utic
navais                        nav
naval                         naval
navalha                       navalh
nave                          nav
navega                        naveg
navegac,a~o                   naveg
navegac,o~es                  naveg
navegador                     naveg
navegadores                   naveg
navegando                     naveg
navegante                     navegant
navegantes                    navegant
navegar                       naveg
navega'veis                   naveg
naves                         nav
navigation                    navigation
navigator                     navigator
navio                         navi
navios                        navi
navratilova                   navratilov
nazar                         naz
nazare'                       nazar
nazareno                      nazaren
nazareth                      nazareth
nazismo                       nazism
nazista                       nazist
nba                           nba
ncia                          nci
ne'                           ne'
neal                          neal
neblina                       neblin
nebulizador                   nebuliz
nebulosa                      nebul
nebuloso                      nebul
necessaire                    necessair
necessa'ria                   necessa'r
necessariamente               necessari
necessa'riamente              necessa'ri
necessa'rias                  necessa'r
necessa'rio                   necessa'ri
necessa'rios                  necessa'ri
necessidade                   necess
necessidades                  necess
necessita                     necessit
necessitadas                  necessit
necessitam                    necessit
necessitamos                  necessit
necessitar                    necessit
necessitara'                  necessit
necessitavam                  necessit
necro'filos                   necro'fil
necropsia                     necrops
necrose                       necros
nector                        nector
nefasta                       nefast
nefasto                       nefast
nefrologia                    nefrolog
nefrologista                  nefrolog
nega                          neg
negac,a~o                     negac,a~
negada                        neg
negado                        neg
negados                       neg
negam                         neg
negar                         neg
negasse                       neg
negativa                      negat
negativas                     negat
negativismo                   negativ
negativo                      negat
negativos                     negat
negava                        neg
neglige^ncia                  negligent
neglige^ncias                 negligent
nego                          neg
nego'                         neg
negocia                       negoc
negocia'                      negoci
negociac,a~o                  negoc
negociac,o~es                 negoc
negociada                     negoc
negociadas                    negoc
negociado                     negoc
negociados                    negoc
negociam                      negoc
negociamos                    negoc
negociando                    negoc
negociantes                   negociant
negociar                      negoc
negociatas                    negociat
negociava                     negoc
nego'cio                      nego'ci
nego'cios                     nego'ci
negociou                      negoc
negona                        negon
negou                         neg
negra                         negr
negra~o                       negra~
negras                        negr
negrinhos                     negrinh
negrini                       negrin
negritude                     negritud
negro                         negr
negrona                       negron
negros                        negr
negue                         neg
neguei                        negu
neguem                        negu
neide                         neid
neidinha                      neidinh
neiva                         neiv
nela                          nel
nelas                         nel
nele                          nel
neles                         nel
nelio                         neli
nelson                        nelson
ne'lson                       ne'lson
nem                           nem
nene^                         nen
nenhum                        nenhum
nenhuma                       nenhum
neo                           neo
neocla'ssicos                 neocla'ss
neoliberal                    neoliberal
neoludita                     neoludit
neonatologista                neonatolog
neopentecostais               neopentecost
neosaldina                    neosaldin
nepad                         nepad
nepal                         nepal
nepomuceno                    nepomucen
nervo                         nerv
nervos                        nerv
nervosa                       nervos
nervosas                      nervos
nervosismo                    nervos
nervoso                       nervos
nervosos                      nervos
nessa                         ness
nessas                        ness
nesse                         ness
nesses                        ness
nesta                         nest
nestas                        nest
neste                         nest
nestes                        nest
nestle'                       nestl
nestlehner                    nestlehn
nestor                        nestor
neszlinger                    neszling
net                           net
neta                          net
netas                         net
netfones                      netfon
netinho                       netinh
netmeeting                    netmeeting
neto                          net
netos                         net
netscape                      netscap
netspeak                      netspeak
netto                         nett
network                       network
netz                          netz
neuber                        neub
neurocientista                neurocient
neurocirurgia                 neurocirurg
neurocirurgia~o               neurocirurgia~
neurocirurgio~es              neurocirurgio~
neurofisiologistas            neurofisiolog
neurologia                    neurolog
neurolo'gicos                 neurolo'g
neurologista                  neurolog
neurologistas                 neurolog
neuromotor                    neuromotor
neuronal                      neuronal
neuro^nios                    neuro^ni
neuropediatra                 neuropediatr
neuropeptidey                 neuropeptidey
neuropsicologia               neuropsicolog
neurose                       neuros
neuroses                      neuros
neurotransmissor              neurotransmissor
neurotransmissores            neurotransmissor
neusa                         neus
neutra                        neutr
neutrino                      neutrin
neutro                        neutr
neuza                         neuz
nevada                        nev
nevado                        nev
neve                          nev
neves                         nev
neville                       nevill
ne'voa                        ne'vo
nevra'lgico                   nevra'lg
new                           new
newark                        newark
newcastle                     newcastl
newsweek                      newsweek
newton                        newton
ney                           ney
ng                            ng
nhenhenhe'm                   nhenhenhe'm
nicara'gua                    nicara'gu
nice                          nic
nicioli                       niciol
nickname                      nicknam
nicolau                       nicolau
nicotina                      nicotin
nielsen                       nielsen
niemeyer                      niemey
nifutimox                     nifutimox
nigel                         nigel
niger                         nig
nige'ria                      nige'r
nigeriano                     nigerian
night                         night
nigue'm                       nigue'm
nih                           nih
nihil                         nihil
nike                          nik
nikita                        nikit
nilo'polis                    nilo'pol
nilson                        nilson
nilta                         nilt
nilton                        nilton
nilvo                         nilv
nina                          nin
ninfetas                      ninfet
ninfomania                    ninfoman
ningue'm                      ningue'm
ninharia                      ninh
ninho                         ninh
nino                          nin
nio                           nio
nipo^nica                     nipo^n
ni'queis                      ni'qu
ni'quel                       ni'quel
niquini                       niquin
nirvana                       nirvan
nisei                         nis
nissan                        nissan
nisso                         niss
nitero'i                      nitero'
ni'tida                       ni't
ni'tidas                      ni't
ni'tido                       ni't
nitrito                       nitrit
nitritos                      nitrit
nitrocelulose                 nitrocelulos
nitroge^nio                   nitroge^ni
nitroglicerina                nitroglicerin
nitropenta                    nitropent
nivaldo                       nivald
ni'veis                       ni'v
ni'vel                        ni'vel
nivela                        nivel
nivelados                     nivel
nixon                         nixon
nizan                         nizan
nlm                           nlm
no                            no
no'                           no'
nobel                         nobel
noble                         nobl
nobre                         nobr
no'brega                      no'breg
nobres                        nobr
nobreza                       nobrez
noc,a~o                       noc,a~
nocaute                       nocaut
nocauteado                    nocaut
nocauteou                     nocaut
nociva                        nociv
nocivas                       nociv
noc,o~es                      noc,o~
no'dulo                       no'dul
no'dulos                      no'dul
noel                          noel
noemia                        noem
noe^mia                       noe^m
nogueira                      nogueir
noir                          noir
noitadas                      noit
noite                         noit
noites                        noit
noiva                         noiv
noivado                       noiv
noivas                        noiv
noivo                         noiv
nojo                          noj
nolli                         noll
nom                           nom
no^made                       no^mad
nome                          nom
nomeac,a~o                    nomeac,a~
nomeac,o~es                   nomeac,o~
nomeado                       nom
nomeados                      nom
nomear                        nom
nomeasse                      nom
nomeou                        nom
nomes                         nom
nominais                      nomin
nominal                       nominal
nominalmente                  nominal
nonsense                      nonsens
nora                          nor
noradrenalina                 noradrenalin
noras                         nor
norberto                      norbert
nordeste                      nord
nordestina                    nordestin
nordestinas                   nordestin
nordestino                    nordestin
nordestinos                   nordestin
norma                         norm
normais                       norm
normal                        normal
normalidade                   normal
normali'ssima                 normali'ssim
normalmente                   normal
norman                        norman
normas                        norm
normatiza                     normatiz
norodom                       norodom
noroeste                      noro
noronha                       noronh
norte                         nort
northwestern                  northwestern
noruega                       norueg
nos                           nos
no's                          no's
nossa                         noss
nossas                        noss
nosso                         noss
nossos                        noss
nostalgia                     nostalg
nosta'lgico                   nosta'lg
nostradamus                   nostradamus
nota                          not
notabilizou                   notabiliz
notada                        not
notados                       not
notamos                       not
notar                         not
notaram                       not
notara~o                      not
notarem                       not
notarial                      notarial
notas                         not
nota'veis                     not
nota'vel                      nota'vel
note                          not
notebook                      notebook
notei                         not
noti'cia                      noti'c
noticiada                     notic
noticiar                      notic
noticia'rio                   noticia'ri
noti'cias                     noti'c
notificados                   notific
notoriedade                   notoriedad
noto'rio                      noto'ri
notou                         not
nottingham                    nottingh
noturna                       noturn
noturnas                      noturn
noturno                       noturn
noturnos                      noturn
noutra                        noutr
noutro                        noutr
nouveau                       nouveau
nova                          nov
novaes                        nova
novais                        nov
noval                         noval
novalgina                     novalgin
novalogic                     novalogic
novamente                     nov
novas                         nov
novatas                       novat
novato                        novat
novatos                       novat
novcar                        novc
nove                          nov
novel                         novel
novela                        novel
novelas                       novel
novelinha                     novelinh
nove'ly                       nove'ly
novembro                      novembr
novenas                       noven
noventa                       novent
novidade                      novidad
novidadeiros                  novidadeir
novidades                     novidad
novinha                       novinh
novinho                       novinh
novo                          nov
novos                         nov
noz                           noz
nozawa                        nozaw
nra                           nra
ntt                           ntt
nu                            nu
nua                           nua
nu'bia                        nu'b
nublado                       nubl
nuclear                       nucl
nucleares                     nucl
nu'cleo                       nu'cl
nu'cleos                      nu'cl
nudez                         nudez
nuestro                       nuestr
nulidade                      nulidad
nulidades                     nulidad
nulo                          nul
nulos                         nul
num                           num
numa                          num
number                        numb
numeradas                     numer
numerais                      numer
numera'rio                    numera'ri
nume'rica                     nume'r
numericamente                 numer
nu'mero                       nu'mer
numero'loga                   numero'log
nu'meros                      nu'mer
numerosa                      numer
numerosas                     numer
numerosos                     numer
nunca                         nunc
nunes                         nun
nuo                           nuo
nurse                         nurs
nutecnet                      nutecnet
nutre                         nutr
nutrem                        nutr
nutric,a~o                    nutric,a~
nutricionista                 nutricion
nutrientes                    nutrient
nutrindo                      nutr
nutrir                        nutr
nutritivas                    nutrit
nuvem                         nuv
nuvens                        nuvens
ny                            ny
o                             o
o'                            o'
oab                           oab
oa'sis                        oa's
oba'                          oba'
obaluae^                      obalua
obcecado                      obcec
obcecados                     obcec
obedece                       obedec
obedecem                      obedec
obedecendo                    obedec
obedecer                      obedec
obedeceram                    obedec
obedeciam                     obedec
obedecidos                    obedec
obesa                         obes
obesas                        obes
obesidade                     obes
obeso                         obes
obesos                        obes
objec,a~o                     objec,a~
objetar                       objet
objetiva                      objet
objetivas                     objet
objetivo                      objet
objetivos                     objet
objeto                        objet
objetos                       objet
obli'quos                     obli'qu
o'bolo                        o'bol
obra                          obra
obras                         obras
obriga                        obrig
obrigac,a~o                   obrig
obrigac,o~es                  obrig
obrigada                      obrig
obrigadas                     obrig
obrigado                      obrig
obrigados                     obrig
obrigam                       obrig
obrigando                     obrig
obrigar                       obrig
obrigaram                     obrig
obrigato'ria                  obrigato'r
obrigatoriamente              obrigatori
obrigato'rio                  obrigato'ri
obrigato'rios                 obrigato'ri
obrigava                      obrig
obrigo                        obrig
obrigou                       obrig
obscurecem                    obscurec
obscuro                       obscur
observa                       observ
observac,a~o                  observ
observac,o~es                 observ
observado                     observ
observam                      observ
observando                    observ
observar                      observ
observari'amos                observ
observato'rio                 observato'ri
observavam                    observ
observa'vel                   observ
observe                       observ
observer                      observ
observo                       observ
observou                      observ
obsessa~o                     obsessa~
obsessiva                     obsess
obsessivamente                obsess
obsessivo                     obsess
obsesso~es                    obsesso~
obsolesc                      obsolesc
obsolesce^ncia                obsolescent
obsoleto                      obsolet
obsta'culo                    obsta'cul
obsta'culos                   obsta'cul
obstat                        obstat
obstetra                      obstetr
obstetri'cia                  obstetri'c
obstinada                     obstin
obstinado                     obstin
obstinados                    obstin
obstrui                       obstru
obstrui'da                    obstrui'd
obstruindo                    obstru
obte^                         obte^
obte'm                        obte'm
obte^m                        obte^m
obtenc,a~o                    obtenc,a~
obtenha                       obtenh
obter                         obter
obteve                        obtev
obtida                        obtid
obtidas                       obtid
obtido                        obtid
obtidos                       obtid
obtive                        obtiv
obtiveram                     obtiv
o'bvia                        o'bvi
obviamente                    obvi
o'bvias                       o'bvi
o'bvio                        o'bvi
o'bvios                       o'bvi
oc                            oc
oca                           oca
ocas                          ocas
ocasia~o                      ocasia~
ocasio~es                     ocasio~
ocasional                     ocasional
ocasionalmente                ocasional
occipitais                    occipit
occipital                     occipital
oceania                       ocean
oceano                        ocean
oceanografia                  oceanograf
oceanos                       ocean
ocidentais                    ocident
ocidental                     ocidental
ocidentalizado                ocidentaliz
ocidentalizados               ocidentaliz
ocidente                      ocident
ocimar                        ocim
ociosas                       ocios
ocioso                        ocios
ociosos                       ocios
oco                           oco
ocorra                        ocorr
ocorre                        ocorr
ocorrem                       ocorr
ocorre^ncia                   ocorrent
ocorre^ncias                  ocorrent
ocorrendo                     ocorr
ocorrer                       ocorr
ocorrera'                     ocorr
ocorreram                     ocorr
ocorrera~o                    ocorr
ocorreria                     ocorr
ocorreriam                    ocorr
ocorreu                       ocorr
ocorria                       ocorr
ocorriam                      ocorr
ocorrida                      ocorr
ocorridas                     ocorr
ocorrido                      ocorr
ocorridos                     ocorr
ocos                          ocos
octaci'lio                    octaci'li
octavio                       octavi
octa'vio                      octa'vi
octubre                       octubr
ocular                        ocul
o'culos                       o'cul
oculta                        ocult
ocupa                         ocup
ocupa'                        ocup
ocupac,a~o                    ocup
ocupacional                   ocupacional
ocupac,o~es                   ocup
ocupada                       ocup
ocupadas                      ocup
ocupado                       ocup
ocupados                      ocup
ocupam                        ocup
ocupando                      ocup
ocupante                      ocupant
ocupantes                     ocupant
ocupar                        ocup
ocupava                       ocup
ocupavam                      ocup
ocupou                        ocup
odacir                        odac
odair                         oda
odalisca                      odalisc
odaliscas                     odalisc
ode                           ode
odebrecht                     odebrecht
odeia                         ode
odeiam                        ode
odeio                         odei
odeon                         odeon
odete                         odet
odia'                         odi
odilon                        odilon
o'dio                         o'di
o'dios                        o'di
odisse'ia                     odiss
odontolo'gica                 odontolo'g
odontolo'gicos                odontolo'g
odor                          odor
odyr                          odyr
oeste                         oest
of                            of
ofendida                      ofend
ofendido                      ofend
ofensa                        ofens
ofensas                       ofens
ofensiva                      ofens
ofensivas                     ofens
ofensivo                      ofens
oferec,a                      oferec
oferece                       oferec
oferecem                      oferec
oferecemos                    oferec
oferecendo                    oferec
oferecer                      oferec
ofereceram                    oferec
ofereceu                      oferec
oferecia                      oferec
oferecida                     oferec
oferecido                     oferec
oferecidos                    oferec
oferecimento                  oferec
oferenda                      oferend
oferendas                     oferend
oferta                        ofert
ofertante                     ofertant
ofertar                       ofert
ofertas                       ofert
off                           off
office                        offic
officer                       offic
offs                          offs
oficiais                      ofic
oficial                       oficial
oficialmente                  oficial
oficina                       oficin
oficinas                      oficin
ofi'cio                       ofi'ci
oftalmolo'gicos               oftalmolo'g
ofusca                        ofusc
ofuscou                       ofusc
ogum                          ogum
ogun                          ogun
oh                            oh
ohana                         ohan
oi                            oi
oiac                          oiac
oiapoque                      oiapoqu
oic                           oic
oinegue                       oineg
oit                           oit
oitava                        oit
oitavo                        oitav
oitenta                       oitent
oito                          oit
ok                            ok
okamoto                       okamot
okky                          okky
oklon                         oklon
olacyr                        olacyr
ola'vio                       ola'vi
olavo                         olav
olbers                        olbers
old                           old
ole'                          ole'
ole^                          ole^
o'leo                         o'le
o'leos                        o'le
oleosas                       oleos
olga                          olga
olha                          olha
olha'                         olha'
olhada                        olhad
olhadinha                     olhadinh
olhado                        olhad
olham                         olham
olhando                       olhand
olhar                         olhar
olharam                       olhar
olhares                       olhar
olhasse                       olhass
olhava                        olhav
olhe                          olhe
olheiras                      olheir
olhem                         olhem
olho                          olho
olhos                         olhos
olhou                         olhou
oligarquias                   oligarqu
olimpi'ada                    olimpi'
olimpi'adas                   olimpi'
oli'mpico                     oli'mp
olinda                        olind
oliva                         oliv
oliveira                      oliveir
oliveiras                     oliveir
oliver                        oliv
olivetto                      olivett
olivia                        oliv
oli'via                       oli'v
olney                         olney
olodum                        olodum
olooogunede                   oloooguned
oluo^                         oluo^
omar                          omar
ombro                         ombro
ombros                        ombros
omega                         omeg
omissa~o                      omissa~
omissos                       omiss
omite                         omit
omitido                       omit
omolu                         omolu
omoplatas                     omoplat
oms                           oms
on                            on
onaga                         onag
onanistas                     onan
onassis                       onass
onc,a                         onc,a
oncolink                      oncolink
oncologista                   oncolog
oncologistas                  oncolog
onda                          onda
ondas                         ondas
onde                          onde
ondetti                       ondett
ondina                        ondin
ondulac,o~es                  ondul
ondulado                      ondul
one                           one
one'zimo                      one'zim
ong                           ong
ongs                          ongs
o^nibus                       o^nibus
onipote^ncia                  onipotent
onipresenc,a                  onipresenc
onipresente                   onipresent
online                        onlin
ono                           ono
onofre                        onofr
ontem                         ontem
onu                           onu
o^nus                         o^nus
onze                          onze
o^o^iii                       o^o^iii
opala                         opal
opc,                          opc
opc,a~o                       opc,a~
opcionais                     opcion
opc,o~es                      opc,o~
opera                         oper
o'pera                        o'per
opera'                        oper
operac,a~o                    oper
operacionais                  operacion
operacional                   operacional
operac,o~es                   oper
operada                       oper
operado                       oper
operador                      oper
operadores                    oper
operados                      oper
operam                        oper
operamos                      oper
operandi                      operand
operando                      oper
operar                        oper
operaram                      oper
operarem                      oper
opera'ria                     opera'r
opera'rio                     opera'ri
opera'rios                    opera'ri
o'peras                       o'per
operato'rias                  operato'r
operato'rio                   operato'ri
operava                       oper
operosa                       oper
opina                         opin
opinar                        opin
opinia~o                      opinia~
opinio~es                     opinio~
o'pio                         o'pi
opo^                          opo^
opo~e                         opo~
opo~em                        opo~
oponente                      oponent
opor                          opor
oportunidade                  oportun
oportunidades                 oportun
oportunismo                   oportun
oportunistas                  oportun
oportuno                      oportun
oposic,a~o                    oposic,a~
oposicionistas                oposicion
oposic,o~es                   oposic,o~
opositores                    opositor
oposta                        opost
opostas                       opost
oposto                        opost
opostos                       opost
opportunity                   opportunity
opressa~o                     opressa~
opressora                     opressor
oprime                        oprim
oprimidos                     oprim
ops                           ops
opta                          opta
optalidon                     optalidon
optamos                       optam
optar                         optar
optaram                       optar
optarem                       optar
optariam                      optar
optasse                       optass
optei                         opte
optou                         optou
ora                           ora
orac,a~o                      orac,a~
orac,o~es                     orac,o~
ora'culo                      ora'cul
ora'culos                     ora'cul
oral                          oral
orange                        orang
orato'rios                    orato'ri
o'rbita                       o'rbit
orbital                       orbital
orca                          orca
orc,ados                      orc,ad
orc,amenta'ria                orc,amenta'r
orc,amento                    orc,ament
orc,amentos                   orc,ament
ordeiro                       ordeir
ordem                         ordem
ordena                        orden
ordena'                       orden
ordenado                      orden
ordenando                     orden
ordenar                       orden
ordenaram                     orden
ordenhar                      ordenh
ordenou                       orden
ordens                        ordens
ordina'rias                   ordina'r
ore'al                        ore'al
orelha                        orelh
orestes                       orest
orfanato                      orfanat
o'rfa~o                       o'rfa~
o'rfa~os                      o'rfa~
org                           org
orga^nica                     orga^n
orga^nicas                    orga^n
orga^nico                     orga^n
organismo                     organ
organismos                    organ
organiza                      organiz
organizac,a~o                 organiz
organizac,o~es                organiz
organizada                    organiz
organizadas                   organiz
organizado                    organiz
organizadores                 organiz
organizados                   organiz
organizam                     organiz
organizando                   organiz
organizar                     organiz
organizara'                   organiz
organizaram                   organiz
organizava                    organiz
organizavam                   organiz
organizou                     organiz
organograma                   organogram
o'rga~o                       o'rga~
o'rga~os                      o'rga~
orgasmo                       orgasm
orgias                        orgi
orgulha                       orgulh
orgulham                      orgulh
orgulhar                      orgulh
orgulharem                    orgulh
orgulho                       orgulh
orgulhos                      orgulh
orgulhosa                     orgulh
orgulhoso                     orgulh
orgulhosos                    orgulh
orient                        orient
orienta                       orient
orientac,a~o                  orient
orientac,o~es                 orient
orientada                     orient
orientadas                    orient
orientadora                   orient
orientadores                  orient
orientados                    orient
orientais                     orient
oriental                      oriental
orientam                      orient
orientamos                    orient
orientar                      orient
oriente                       orient
orientou                      orient
origem                        orig
origens                       origens
origin                        origin
originada                     origin
originais                     origin
original                      original
originalidade                 original
originalmente                 original
originaram                    origin
origina'rias                  origina'r
origina'rio                   origina'ri
origina'rios                  origina'ri
originou                      origin
oriunda                       oriund
orixa'                        orix
orixala'                      orixal
orixa's                       orixa's
orla                          orla
orlando                       orland
orlistat                      orlistat
orly                          orly
ornamentadas                  ornament
ornelas                       ornel
orobo'                        orob
orozco                        orozc
orquestra                     orquestr
orquestrada                   orquestr
orquestradores                orquestr
orquestras                    orquestr
orquestrava                   orquestr
orson                         orson
ortec                         ortec
orth                          orth
orto                          orto
ortodoxa                      ortodox
ortodoxas                     ortodox
ortodoxo                      ortodox
ortodoxos                     ortodox
ortomolecular                 ortomolecul
ortope'dicas                  ortope'd
ortope'dicos                  ortope'd
ortopedista                   ortoped
ortopedistas                  ortoped
ortosta'tica                  ortosta't
orunmila                      orunmil
orwell                        orwell
orwelliano                    orwellian
os                            os
osaka                         osak
osborn                        osborn
oscar                         oscar
oscarito                      oscarit
oscila                        oscil
oscilac,a~o                   oscil
oscilam                       oscil
oscilava                      oscil
oscilavam                     oscil
osinaca                       osinac
osmar                         osmar
osonho                        osonh
ossada                        ossad
o'ssea                        o'sse
o'sseas                       o'sse
o'sseo                        o'sse
ossificac,a~o                 ossific
osso                          osso
ossos                         ossos
ostensiva                     ostens
ostensivas                    ostens
ostenta                       ostent
ostentac,a~o                  ostent
ostentam                      ostent
ostentar                      ostent
ostentato'ria                 ostentato'r
osteoporose                   osteoporos
osteossarcoma                 osteossarcom
ostracismo                    ostrac
ostras                        ostras
osvaldo                       osvald
oswald                        oswald
oswaldo                       oswald
otan                          otan
ota'vio                       ota'vi
otelo                         otel
othon                         othon
o'tica                        o'tic
o'ticos                       o'tic
o'tima                        o'tim
o'timas                       o'tim
otimismo                      otim
otimista                      otim
otimizar                      otimiz
o'timo                        o'tim
o'timos                       o'tim
otomana                       otoman
otomano                       otoman
otomanos                      otoman
otonni                        otonn
ottoni                        otton
ou                            ou
ouc,o                         ouc
ourivesaria                   ourives
ouro                          our
ousa                          ous
ousada                        ous
ousadia                       ousad
ousado                        ous
ousados                       ous
ousar                         ous
ouso                          ous
outdoors                      outdoors
outing                        outing
outono                        outon
outra                         outr
outras                        outr
outro                         outr
outrora                       outror
outros                        outr
outsuka                       outsuk
outubro                       outubr
ouve                          ouv
ouvem                         ouv
ouvi                          ouv
ouvia                         ouv
ouvida                        ouv
ouvidas                       ouv
ouvido                        ouv
ouvidor                       ouvidor
ouvidos                       ouv
ouvimos                       ouv
ouvindo                       ouv
ouvinte                       ouvint
ouvintes                      ouvint
ouvir                         ouv
ouvira'                       ouv
ouviram                       ouv
ouvirem                       ouv
ouviu                         ouv
ovacionar                     ovacion
ova'rio                       ova'ri
ova'rios                      ova'ri
ovelha                        ovelh
ovelhas                       ovelh
over                          over
overbooking                   overbooking
overdose                      overdos
overdrive                     overdriv
overseas                      overs
oviedo                        ovied
ovni                          ovni
ovnis                         ovnis
ovo                           ovo
ovos                          ovos
oxala'                        oxal
oxford                        oxford
oxigenados                    oxigen
oxige^nio                     oxige^ni
oxo'ssi                       oxo'ss
oxum                          oxum
oxun                          oxun
oxxyon                        oxxyon
ozires                        ozir
ozo^nio                       ozo^ni
ozorio                        ozori
ozo'rio                       ozo'ri
p                             p
pa                            pa
pa'                           pa'
pablo                         pabl
pacaccini                     pacaccin
pacaembu                      pacaembu
pacata                        pacat
pacessetter                   pacessett
pacheco                       pachec
pachorra                      pachorr
paci                          pac
pacie^ncia                    pacie^nc
paciente                      pacient
pacientemente                 pacient
pacientes                     pacient
paci'fica                     paci'f
paci'fico                     paci'f
pacifismo                     pacif
pacifista                     pacif
packard                       packard
pacotac,o                     pacotac
pacote                        pacot
pacotes                       pacot
pacotinho                     pacotinh
pacto                         pact
pactual                       pactual
padaria                       pad
padece                        padec
padilha                       padilh
padilla                       padill
padim                         padim
padra~o                       padra~
padrasto                      padrast
padre                         padr
padres                        padr
padrinho                      padrinh
padrinhos                     padrinh
padroeira                     padroeir
padroeiro                     padroeir
padro~es                      padro~
padronagens                   padronagens
padronizac,a~o                padroniz
padronizadas                  padroniz
padronizador                  padroniz
padronizados                  padroniz
pa'dua                        pa'du
paes                          paes
paete^s                       paete^s
paf                           paf
paffenberger                  paffenberg
pa'g                          pa'g
paga                          pag
paga'                         pag
pagam                         pag
pagamento                     pagament
pagamentos                    pagament
pagamos                       pag
pagando                       pag
pagar                         pag
pagara'                       pag
pagaram                       pag
pagariam                      pag
pagas                         pag
pagasse                       pag
pagava                        pag
page                          pag
pager                         pag
pagers                        pagers
pa'gina                       pa'gin
pa'ginas                      pa'gin
pago                          pag
pagode                        pagod
pagodeira                     pagodeir
pagodes                       pagod
pagos                         pag
pagou                         pag
pa'gs                         pa'gs
pagu                          pagu
pague                         pag
paguei                        pagu
paguem                        pagu
pagura                        pagur
pahlevi                       pahlev
pai                           pai
paine'is                      pain
painel                        painel
pains                         pains
paint                         paint
pairam                        pair
pairava                       pair
pais                          pais
pai's                         pai's
paisagem                      paisag
paisagens                     paisagens
paisana                       paisan
pai'ses                       pai's
paiva                         paiv
paix                          paix
paixa~o                       paixa~
paixo~es                      paixo~
paixonites                    paixonit
paje'                         paj
pajelanc,a                    pajelanc
pajero                        pajer
paje's                        paje's
palace                        palac
palacete                      palacet
palacetes                     palacet
pala'cio                      pala'ci
pala'cios                     pala'ci
paladar                       palad
paladares                     palad
palanque                      palanqu
palanques                     palanqu
palavra                       palavr
palavras                      palavr
palavro~es                    palavro~
palavro'rio                   palavro'ri
palco                         palc
palcos                        palc
paleonto'loga                 paleonto'log
paleonto'logo                 paleonto'log
palestina                     palestin
palestinos                    palestin
palestra                      palestr
palestrando                   palestr
palestras                     palestr
paleto'                       palet
palha                         palh
palhares                      palh
palhinha                      palhinh
paliativo                     paliat
pa'lida                       pa'l
pa'lido                       pa'l
palio                         pali
palma                         palm
palmada                       palm
palmares                      palm
palmeiras                     palmeir
palmo                         palm
palpa'vel                     palpa'vel
pa'lpebra                     pa'lpebr
pa'lpebras                    pa'lpebr
palpitac,o~es                 palpit
palpitar                      palpit
palpite                       palpit
palpites                      palpit
pam                           pam
pamela                        pamel
pamplona                      pamplon
pampulha                      pampulh
pan                           pan
panace'ia                     panac
panache                       panach
panama'                       panam
panatela                      panatel
pancadaria                    pancad
pancadas                      panc
pancas                        panc
pa^ncreas                     pa^ncr
pancreatite                   pancreatit
pandeiro                      pandeir
pandolpho                     pandolph
pane                          pan
panegi'ricos                  panegi'r
panela                        panel
panelac,o                     panelac
panes                         pan
panfleta'rio                  panfleta'ri
panfletos                     panflet
pa^nico                       pa^nic
pano                          pan
panorama                      panoram
panora^mico                   panora^m
panos                         pan
pantanal                      pantanal
pa^ntanos                     pa^ntan
pantea~o                      pantea~
pantera                       pant
pantheon                      pantheon
pa~o                          pa~
paolo                         paol
papa                          pap
papa'                         pap
papagaios                     papagai
papai                         papa
papais                        pap
papanicolau                   papanicolau
paparazzi                     paparazz
paparicada                    paparic
papas                         pap
pape'is                       pap
papel                         papel
papelada                      papel
papela~o                      papela~
papelaria                     papel
papelotes                     papelot
papo                          pap
pappas                        papp
papuda                        papud
paquera                       paqu
paquerar                      paquer
paqueras                      paqu
paquerava                     paquer
paquista~o                    paquista~
paquito                       paquit
par                           par
para                          par
pa'ra                         pa'r
para'                         par
parabenizou                   parabeniz
parabe'ns                     parabe'ns
para'bolas                    para'bol
parabolazinha                 parabolazinh
paracatu                      paracatu
parada                        par
paradas                       par
paradeiro                     paradeir
paradida'ticos                paradida't
paradigma                     paradigm
paradisi'acas                 paradisi'ac
paradisi'aco                  paradisi'ac
parado                        par
parados                       par
paradoxal                     paradoxal
paradoxalmente                paradoxal
paradoxo                      paradox
paraferna'lia                 paraferna'l
parafuso                      parafus
parafusos                     parafus
paragominas                   paragomin
para'grafo                    para'graf
para'grafos                   para'graf
paraguai                      paragua
paraguaia                     paragua
paraguaio                     paraguai
parai'ba                      parai'b
paraibana                     paraiban
paraibano                     paraiban
parai'so                      parai's
paralela                      paralel
paralelamente                 paralel
paralelas                     paralel
paralelo                      paralel
paralisa                      paralis
paralisac,a~o                 paralis
paralisadas                   paralis
paralisado                    paralis
paralisia                     paralis
paralisou                     paralis
parali'tico                   parali't
param                         par
paramaribo                    paramarib
para^metro                    para^metr
para^metros                   para^metr
parana'                       paran
paranaense                    paranaens
paranaenses                   paranaens
paranagua'                    paranagu
paranai'ba                    paranai'b
paranapanema                  paranapanem
parando                       par
parano'ia                     parano'
parano'ico                    parano'
paranormais                   paranorm
paranormal                    paranormal
paranormalidade               paranormal
parapeito                     parapeit
paraple'gico                  paraple'g
parar                         par
pararam                       par
parasita                      parasit
parasita'rias                 parasita'r
parasitologia                 parasitolog
parasse                       par
parati                        parat
parava                        par
paravam                       par
para'vamos                    par
paravertebral                 paravertebral
parceira                      parceir
parceiras                     parceir
parceiro                      parceir
parceiros                     parceir
parcela                       parcel
parcelado                     parcel
parcelados                    parcel
parcelamento                  parcel
parcelas                      parcel
parcelava                     parcel
parceria                      parc
parcerias                     parc
parcial                       parcial
parcialmente                  parcial
parcimo^nia                   parcimo^n
parda                         pard
pare                          par
parec,a                       parec
parece                        parec
parecem                       parec
parecendo                     parec
parecer                       parec
pareceres                     parec
pareceu                       parec
parecia                       parec
pareciam                      parec
parecida                      parec
parecidas                     parec
parecido                      parec
parecidos                     parec
parecis                       parec
parec,o                       parec
pareda~o                      pareda~
parede                        pared
paredes                       pared
paredo~es                     paredo~
parei                         par
parelelo                      parelel
parelheiros                   parelheir
parem                         par
parent                        parent
parente                       parent
parentes                      parent
parentesco                    parentesc
pa'reo                        pa'r
pares                         par
pari                          par
pa'rias                       pa'r
paris                         par
parisien                      parisien
parisiense                    parisiens
park                          park
parker                        park
parking                       parking
parlamentar                   parlament
parlamentares                 parlament
parlamentarismo               parlamentar
parlamento                    parlament
parmalat                      parmalat
parnai'ba                     parnai'b
paro                          par
pa'roco                       pa'roc
parodiando                    parodi
paro'quia                     paro'qu
parou                         par
parque                        parqu
parques                       parqu
parr                          parr
parra                         parr
parreira                      parreir
parreiras                     parreir
parry                         parry
parta                         part
partagas                      partag
parte                         part
parteira                      parteir
partem                        part
partes                        part
partia                        part
participa                     particip
participac,a~o                particip
participac,o~es               particip
participado                   particip
participam                    particip
participando                  particip
participante                  participant
participantes                 participant
participar                    particip
participaram                  particip
participarem                  particip
participativo                 particip
participava                   particip
participei                    particip
participo                     particip
participou                    particip
parti'cula                    parti'cul
particular                    particul
particulares                  particul
particulari'ssimos            particulari'ss
particularmente               particular
parti'culas                   parti'cul
partida                       part
partida~o                     partida~
partida'ria                   partida'r
partida'rias                  partida'r
partida'rio                   partida'ri
partida'rios                  partida'ri
partidas                      part
partido                       part
partidos                      part
partilha                      partilh
partilhar                     partilh
partilharam                   partilh
partindo                      part
partir                        part
partiram                      part
partitura                     partitur
partituras                    partitur
partiu                        part
parto                         part
partos                        part
pa's                          pa's
pa'scoa                       pa'sco
pascolato                     pascolat
pasini                        pasin
pasme                         pasm
pasolini                      pasolin
pasquim                       pasquim
passa                         pass
passa'                        pass
passada                       pass
passadas                      pass
passadinha                    passadinh
passado                       pass
passados                      pass
passageira                    passageir
passageiro                    passageir
passageiros                   passageir
passagem                      passag
passagens                     passagens
passam                        pass
passamos                      pass
passando                      pass
passaporte                    passaport
passaportecarimbado           passaportecarimb
passaportes                   passaport
passar                        pass
passara                       pass
passara'                      pass
passaram                      pass
passarela                     passarel
passarelas                    passarel
passarem                      pass
passaria                      pass
passariam                     pass
passari'amos                  pass
passarinho                    passarinh
passarinhos                   passarinh
pa'ssaros                     pa'ssar
passasse                      pass
passassem                     pass
passat                        passat
passatempo                    passatemp
passava                       pass
passavam                      pass
passe                         pass
passeando                     pass
passear                       pass
passeata                      passeat
passeatas                     passeat
passeava                      pass
passeavam                     pass
passei                        pass
passeia                       pass
passeie                       passei
passeio                       passei
passeios                      passei
passem                        pass
passeou                       pass
passes                        pass
passinhos                     passinh
passional                     passional
passiva                       passiv
passivas                      passiv
passi'vel                     passi'vel
passivo                       passiv
passo                         pass
passos                        pass
passou                        pass
pasta                         past
pastas                        past
pastel                        pastel
pastela~o                     pastela~
pasteurizac,a~o               pasteuriz
pasteurizado                  pasteuriz
pastilha                      pastilh
pasto                         past
pastor                        pastor
pastora                       pastor
pastoral                      pastoral
pastore                       pastor
pastores                      pastor
pastorza~o                    pastorza~
pastos                        past
pastroes                      pastro
pat                           pat
pata                          pat
patachou                      patach
patago^nia                    patago^n
patamar                       patam
patamares                     patam
patas                         pat
pataxo'                       patax
pataxo's                      pataxo's
patches                       patch
patente                       patent
patenteac,a~o                 patent
patentemente                  patent
patentes                      patent
paternalista                  paternal
paternidade                   patern
paternidades                  patern
paterno                       patern
paternost                     paternost
pate'tica                     pate't
pathfinder                    pathfind
patias                        pat
patinadores                   patin
pa'tio                        pa'ti
pato                          pat
patolo'gico                   patolo'g
patologistas                  patolog
patotinha                     patotinh
patra~o                       patra~
pa'tria                       pa'tr
patriarca                     patriarc
patriarcal                    patriarcal
patricia                      patric
patri'cia                     patri'c
patricinhas                   patricinh
patrick                       patrick
patrimonial                   patrimonial
patrimo^nio                   patrimo^ni
patrizia                      patriz
patroa                        patro
patrocinada                   patrocin
patrocinadas                  patrocin
patrocinado                   patrocin
patrocinador                  patrocin
patrocinadora                 patrocin
patrocinados                  patrocin
patrocinando                  patrocin
patroci'nio                   patroci'ni
patro~es                      patro~
patrol                        patrol
patronais                     patron
patronato                     patronat
patrulhada                    patrulh
patrulhamento                 patrulh
patrulhas                     patrulh
patten                        patten
patua's                       patua's
patury                        patury
pau                           pau
pauini                        pauin
paul                          paul
paula                         paul
pauladas                      paul
paulatinamente                paulatin
pauleira                      pauleir
pauli                         paul
paulina                       paulin
paulino                       paulin
paulista                      paulist
paulistana                    paulistan
paulistanas                   paulistan
paulistano                    paulistan
paulistanos                   paulistan
paulistas                     paulist
paulo                         paul
paupe'rrimas                  paupe'rrim
paus                          paus
pausa                         paus
pausada                       paus
pauta                         paut
pava~o                        pava~
pava~ozinho                   pava~ozinh
pavarotti                     pavarott
pavilha~o                     pavilha~
pavimentando                  paviment
pavimentar                    paviment
pavor                         pavor
pavuna                        pavun
payot                         payot
paz                           paz
pazes                         paz
pb                            pb
pc                            pc
pcb                           pcb
pcf                           pcf
pcr                           pcr
pcs                           pcs
pddi                          pddi
pdt                           pdt
pdv                           pdv
pe                            pe
pe'                           pe'
pearl                         pearl
pec,a                         pec
pecadilhos                    pecadilh
pecado                        pec
pecados                       pec
pec,as                        pec
pech                          pech
pecha                         pech
pechincha                     pechinch
pechman                       pechman
pec,o                         pec
pec,onhentas                  pec,onhent
pec,onhentos                  pec,onhent
peculiar                      peculi
peculiares                    peculi
peculiaridade                 peculiar
peculiaridades                peculiar
pedac,o                       pedac
pedac,os                      pedac
peda'gio                      peda'gi
peda'gios                     peda'gi
pedagoga                      pedagog
pedagogas                     pedagog
pedagogia                     pedagog
pedago'gica                   pedago'g
pedago'gicas                  pedago'g
pedago'gico                   pedago'g
pedago'gicos                  pedago'g
pedagogo                      pedagog
pedagogos                     pedagog
pedal                         pedal
pedala                        pedal
pedalada                      pedal
pedalar                       pedal
pedalinhos                    pedalinh
pedalou                       pedal
pede                          ped
pedem                         ped
pederneiras                   pederneir
pedestal                      pedestal
pedestres                     pedestr
pedetistas                    pedet
pedi                          ped
pedia                         ped
pediam                        ped
pediatra                      pediatr
pedia'trico                   pedia'tr
pedida                        ped
pedidas                       ped
pedido                        ped
pedidos                       ped
pedindo                       ped
pedir                         ped
pediram                       ped
pedira~o                      ped
pedirei                       ped
pedirem                       ped
pediria                       ped
pediu                         ped
pedra                         pedr
pedradas                      pedr
pedras                        pedr
pedreira                      pedreir
pedreiras                     pedreir
pedreiro                      pedreir
pedreiros                     pedreir
pedro                         pedr
pedrosa                       pedros
pedroso                       pedros
peeling                       peeling
peemedebista                  peemedeb
peemedebistas                 peemedeb
pefela^ndia                   pefela^nd
pefele^                       pefel
pefelista                     pefel
pefelistas                    pefel
pega                          peg
pega'                         peg
pegac,a~o                     pegac,a~
pegadas                       peg
pegajoso                      pegaj
pegam                         peg
pegamos                       peg
pegando                       peg
pegar                         peg
pegaram                       peg
pegaria                       peg
pegasse                       peg
pegassem                      peg
pegava                        peg
pego                          peg
pegou                         peg
pegue                         peg
peguei                        pegu
peias                         pei
peitinho                      peitinh
peito                         peit
peitoral                      peitoral
peitos                        peit
peixa~o                       peixa~
peixe                         peix
peixes                        peix
peixoto                       peixot
pejorativa                    pejor
pejorativamente               pejor
pejorativo                    pejor
pela                          pel
pelada                        pel
peladas                       pel
pelado~es                     pelado~
pelados                       pel
pelas                         pel
pele                          pel
pele'                         pel
pelegrini                     pelegrin
peleja                        pelej
peles                         pel
pelo                          pel
pelo^                         pelo^
pelos                         pel
pe^los                        pe^l
pelota                        pelot
pelota~o                      pelota~
pelu'cio                      pelu'ci
peluda                        pelud
peludo                        pelud
peluso                        pelus
pe'lvicas                     pe'lvic
pe'lvis                       pe'lv
pena                          pen
pen~a                         pen~
penada                        pen
penal                         penal
penalizado                    penaliz
penas                         pen
penavam                       pen
penca                         penc
pendendo                      pend
pendenga                      pendeng
pendentes                     pendent
pender                        pend
pe^ndulo                      pe^ndul
pendurada                     pendur
penduradas                    pendur
pendurado                     pendur
penduricalhos                 penduricalh
peneira                       peneir
penetra                       penetr
penetrar                      penetr
penetraram                    penetr
penha                         penh
penhasco                      penhasc
penhascos                     penhasc
penhora                       penhor
peni'nsula                    peni'nsul
peninsulares                  peninsul
pe^nis                        pe^n
penitencia'ria                penitencia'r
penitencia'rias               penitencia'r
penitencia'rio                penitencia'ri
penou                         pen
penrose                       penros
pensa                         pens
pensadas                      pens
pensado                       pens
pensador                      pensador
pensadores                    pensador
pensam                        pens
pensamento                    pensament
pensamentos                   pensament
pensamos                      pens
pensando                      pens
pensa~o                       pensa~
pensar                        pens
pensara                       pens
pensaram                      pens
pensarmos                     pens
pensas                        pens
pensasse                      pens
pensava                       pens
pensavam                      pens
pense                         pens
pensei                        pens
pensem                        pens
pensilva^nia                  pensilva^n
penso                         pens
penso~es                      penso~
pensou                        pens
penta                         pent
penta'gono                    penta'gon
pente                         pent
penteado                      pent
pentecostais                  pentecost
pentecostal                   pentecostal
pentecoste                    pentecost
penthouse                     penthous
pentium                       pentium
penu'ltima                    penu'ltim
penu'ria                      penu'r
pepe                          pep
pepebista                     pepeb
pepino                        pepin
pepito                        pepit
pepsi                         peps
pepsico                       pepsic
pequena                       pequen
pequenas                      pequen
pequenininha                  pequenininh
pequenininho                  pequenininh
pequeninos                    pequenin
pequeno                       pequen
pequenos                      pequen
pequim                        pequim
per                           per
pe^ra                         pe^r
peracchi                      peracch
perai'                        pera
peraltas                      peralt
peralteia                     peralt
peraltice                     peraltic
perambulando                  perambul
perante                       perant
perca                         perc
percam                        perc
perceba                       perceb
percebe                       perceb
percebem                      perceb
percebemos                    perceb
percebendo                    perceb
perceber                      perceb
percebera                     perceb
percebera'                    perceb
perceberam                    perceb
perceberem                    perceb
percebesse                    perceb
percebeu                      perceb
percebi                       perceb
percebia                      perceb
percebido                     perceb
percebo                       perceb
percentuais                   percentu
percentual                    percentual
percepc,a~o                   percepc,a~
perco                         perc
percorre                      percorr
percorrem                     percorr
percorrendo                   percorr
percorrer                     percorr
percorrera'                   percorr
percorreu                     percorr
percorria                     percorr
percorrida                    percorr
percurso                      percurs
percussa~o                    percussa~
percussionista                percussion
perda                         perd
perda~o                       perda~
perdas                        perd
perde                         perd
perdedor                      perdedor
perdem                        perd
perdemos                      perd
perdendo                      perd
perder                        perd
perdera                       perd
perdera'                      perd
perderam                      perd
perderia                      perd
perdermos                     perd
perdesse                      perd
perdeu                        perd
perdi                         perd
perdia                        perd
perdida                       perd
perdidas                      perd
perdido                       perd
perdidos                      perd
perdiga~o                     perdiga~
perdizes                      perdiz
perdoa'                       perdo
perdoar                       perdo
perdoaria                     perdo
perdoava                      perdo
perdoei                       perdo
perdoem                       perdo
perdoou                       perdo
perdula'rios                  perdula'ri
perdura                       perdur
perdure                       perdur
pereci'veis                   pereci'v
peregrinac,a~o                peregrin
peregrinac,o~es               peregrin
peregrinam                    peregrin
peregrinos                    peregrin
pereio                        perei
pereira                       pereir
pereiras                      pereir
peremptoriamente              peremptori
peres                         per
pereyra                       pereyr
perez                         perez
perfeccionista                perfeccion
perfeic,a~o                   perfeic,a~
perfeic,o~es                  perfeic,o~
perfeita                      perfeit
perfeitamente                 perfeit
perfeito                      perfeit
perfeitos                     perfeit
perfil                        perfil
perforatum                    perforatum
performance                   performanc
performances                  performanc
performer                     perform
perfumado                     perfum
perfumaria                    perfum
perfume                       perfum
perfumes                      perfum
perfuradora                   perfur
perfurou                      perfur
pergunta                      pergunt
perguntado                    pergunt
perguntam                     pergunt
perguntando                   pergunt
perguntar                     pergunt
perguntaram                   pergunt
perguntarem                   pergunt
perguntaria                   pergunt
perguntas                     pergunt
perguntasse                   pergunt
perguntava                    pergunt
pergunte                      pergunt
perguntei                     pergunt
pergunto                      pergunt
perguntou                     pergunt
pe'ri                         pe'r
periandro                     periandr
peri'cia                      peri'c
periciais                     peric
peri'cias                     peri'c
periciou                      peric
perico                        peric
periculosidade                periculos
periferia                     perif
perife'rica                   perife'r
perigo                        perig
perigos                       perig
perigosa                      perig
perigosamente                 perig
perigosas                     perig
perigosi'ssima                perigosi'ssim
perigoso                      perig
perigosos                     perig
peri'metro                    peri'metr
perinatal                     perinatal
periodicamente                period
peri'odo                      peri'od
peri'odos                     peri'od
peripe'cias                   peripe'c
pe'riplo                      pe'ripl
periquita                     periquit
perispi'rito                  perispi'rit
perisse'                      periss
perito                        perit
peritos                       perit
perkons                       perkons
perla                         perl
perles                        perl
permanec,a                    permanec
permanec,am                   permanec
permanece                     permanec
permanecem                    permanec
permanecendo                  permanec
permanecer                    permanec
permanecera'                  permanec
permaneceram                  permanec
permanecera~o                 permanec
permanecessem                 permanec
permaneceu                    permanec
permanecia                    permanec
permanecido                   permanec
permane^ncia                  permanent
permanente                    permanent
permanentemente               permanent
permanentes                   permanent
permeada                      perm
permea'vel                    permea'vel
permissa~o                    permissa~
permissiva                    permiss
permissividade                permiss
permite                       permit
permitem                      permit
permitia                      permit
permitida                     permit
permitido                     permit
permitidos                    permit
permitimos                    permit
permitindo                    permit
permitir                      permit
permitira'                    permit
permitiram                    permit
permitiria                    permit
permitissem                   permit
permitiu                      permit
permito                       permit
perna                         pern
pernambucana                  pernambucan
pernambucano                  pernambucan
pernambucanos                 pernambucan
pernambuco                    pernambuc
pernas                        pern
pernoitara                    pernoit
pernoite                      pernoit
pernudo                       pernud
pe^ro                         pe^r
pe'rola                       pe'rol
pe'rolas                      pe'rol
pero^nio                      pero^ni
perpetua                      perpetu
perpe'tua                     perpe'tu
perpetuam                     perpetu
perpetuamente                 perpetu
perpetuando                   perpetu
perpetuar                     perpetu
perpetuasse                   perpetu
perpe'tuo                     perpe'tu
perpetuou                     perpetu
perplexa                      perplex
perplexidade                  perplex
perplexo                      perplex
perplexos                     perplex
perrier                       perri
perrin                        perrin
perry                         perry
perseguem                     persegu
persegui                      persegu
perseguia                     persegu
perseguic,a~o                 perseguic,a~
perseguic,o~es                perseguic,o~
perseguida                    persegu
perseguido                    persegu
perseguidor                   perseguidor
perseguidos                   persegu
perseguir                     persegu
perseguiu                     persegu
perseverante                  perseverant
pe'rsio                       pe'rsi
persiste                      pers
persistem                     persist
persiste^ncia                 persistent
persistente                   persistent
persistentes                  persistent
persistiu                     persist
persona                       person
personagem                    personag
personagens                   personagens
personal                      personal
personalidade                 personal
personalidades                personal
personalizada                 personaliz
personalizado                 personaliz
personalizar                  personaliz
personificac,a~o              personific
personificada                 personific
perspectiva                   perspect
perspectivas                  perspect
perspicazes                   perspicaz
persuasa~o                    persuasa~
pertence                      pertenc
pertencem                     pertenc
pertencemos                   pertenc
pertencente                   pertencent
pertencentes                  pertencent
pertencer                     pertenc
pertencera                    pertenc
pertenceria                   pertenc
pertences                     pertenc
pertenceu                     pertenc
pertenci                      pertenc
pertencia                     pertenc
pertine^ncia                  pertinent
pertinente                    pertinent
pertinho                      pertinh
perto                         pert
perturba                      perturb
perturbac,a~o                 perturb
perturbac,o~es                perturb
perturbadora                  perturb
perturbando                   perturb
perturbar                     perturb
perturbavam                   perturb
peru                          peru
perua                         peru
peruana                       peruan
peruano                       peruan
peruanos                      peruan
peruca                        peruc
perucas                       peruc
perversa                      pervers
perverte                      pervert
pe's                          pe's
pesa                          pes
pesada                        pes
pesadamente                   pesad
pesadas                       pes
pesadelo                      pesadel
pesadelos                     pesadel
pesadi'ssima                  pesadi'ssim
pesadi'ssimas                 pesadi'ssim
pesado                        pes
pesados                       pes
pesam                         pes
pe^sames                      pe^sam
pesamos                       pes
pesando                       pes
pesar                         pes
pesava                        pes
pesca                         pesc
pescado                       pesc
pescador                      pescador
pescadores                    pescador
pescando                      pesc
pescoc,o                      pescoc
peso                          pes
pesos                         pes
pesou                         pes
pespectiva                    pespect
pesquisa                      pesquis
pesquisadas                   pesquis
pesquisado                    pesquis
pesquisador                   pesquis
pesquisadora                  pesquis
pesquisadores                 pesquis
pesquisados                   pesquis
pesquisam                     pesquis
pesquisar                     pesquis
pesquisas                     pesquis
pesquisou                     pesquis
pessanha                      pessanh
pe^ssego                      pe^sseg
pessi                         pess
pe'ssima                      pe'ssim
pessimismo                    pessim
pessimista                    pessim
pessimistas                   pessim
pe'ssimo                      pe'ssim
pessoa                        pesso
pessoais                      pesso
pessoal                       pessoal
pessoalmente                  pessoal
pessoas                       pesso
peste                         pest
pestes                        pest
pet                           pet
petardo                       petard
pete                          pet
peter                         pet
peters                        peters
petic,a~o                     petic,a~
petista                       petist
petistas                      petist
petit                         petit
petrobras                     petrobr
petrobra's                    petrobra's
petroleiros                   petroleir
petro'leo                     petro'l
petrolina                     petrolin
petroni                       petron
petro^nio                     petro^ni
petro'polis                   petro'pol
petros                        petr
peugeot                       peugeot
pezinho                       pezinh
pf                            pf
pfl                           pfl
pgo                           pgo
ph                            ph
phanos                        phan
philip                        philip
philippe                      philipp
philippoussis                 philippouss
phone                         phon
photo                         phot
photoshop                     photoshop
physique                      physiqu
physus                        physus
phytoervas                    phytoerv
pia                           pia
piacentini                    piacentin
piada                         piad
piadas                        piad
piadinhas                     piadinh
piagetiano                    piagetian
piamente                      piament
piano                         pian
piao                          pia
piaui'                        piau
piazza                        piazz
pib                           pib
pic                           pic
picada                        pic
picadinha                     picadinh
picadinho                     picadinh
picado                        pic
picados                       pic
picanha                       picanh
picantes                      picant
pica~o                        pica~
picardia                      picard
picareta                      picaret
picaretas                     picaret
pichac,o~es                   pichac,o~
pichador                      pichador
pick                          pick
pico                          pic
picole's                      picole's
picos                         pic
picotada                      picot
picotando                     picot
picote                        picot
picuinha                      picuinh
pie                           pie
piedade                       piedad
pieguice                      pieguic
pier                          pier
pierre                        pierr
pierro                        pierr
pietralata                    pietralat
pif                           pif
pifado                        pif
pi'fio                        pi'fi
pigarro                       pigarr
pigmentos                     pigment
pijama                        pijam
pike                          pik
pilares                       pil
pilatos                       pilat
pilha                         pilh
pilhando                      pilh
pilhas                        pilh
pillar                        pill
pilota                        pilot
pilotando                     pilot
pilotar                       pilot
pilotava                      pilot
piloto                        pilot
pilotos                       pilot
pilotou                       pilot
pi'lula                       pi'lul
pi'lulas                      pi'lul
pimenta                       piment
pimentaa                      pimenta
pimentel                      pimentel
pimpolhos                     pimpolh
pinc,a                        pinc
pi'ncaros                     pi'ncar
pinc,as                       pinc
pince'is                      pinc
ping                          ping
pinga                         ping
pingado                       ping
pingo                         ping
pingu"ins                     pingu"ins
pinhais                       pinh
pinheiro                      pinheir
pinheiros                     pinheir
pinot                         pinot
pinotti                       pinott
pinta                         pint
pinta'                        pint
pintar                        pint
pinter                        pint
pinto                         pint
pintor                        pintor
pintora                       pintor
pintores                      pintor
pintou                        pint
pintura                       pintur
pinturas                      pintur
pio                           pio
piolho                        piolh
piolhos                       piolh
pioneiras                     pioneir
pioneiro                      pioneir
pioneiros                     pioneir
pior                          pior
piorando                      pior
piorar                        pior
pioraram                      pior
piores                        pior
piorou                        pior
pipa                          pip
pipas                         pip
pipes                         pip
pipoca                        pipoc
pipocando                     pipoc
pipocar                       pipoc
pique                         piqu
piquenique                    piqueniqu
pirac,a~o                     pirac,a~
piracema                      piracem
pirai'                        pira
pirajussara                   pirajuss
pira^mide                     pira^mid
piranha                       piranh
pirapora                      pirapor
pirata                        pirat
pirataria                     pirat
piratas                       pirat
pires                         pir
pirralhos                     pirralh
piruetas                      piruet
pis                           pis
pisados                       pis
pisando                       pis
pisar                         pis
pisara~o                      pis
piscar                        pisc
piscaram                      pisc
piscina                       piscin
piscinas                      piscin
piso                          pis
pisos                         pis
pisoteado                     pisot
pisoteiem                     pisotei
pista                         pist
pistas                        pist
pistola                       pistol
pistolas                      pistol
pistolinha                    pistolinh
pistolo~es                    pistolo~
pistols                       pistols
pitada                        pit
pitanguy                      pitanguy
pitoresca                     pitoresc
pitoresco                     pitoresc
pitorescos                    pitoresc
pitta                         pitt
pittman                       pittman
pittomba                      pittomb
piva                          piv
pivo^                         pivo^
pixinguinha                   pixinguinh
pizza                         pizz
pizzarela                     pizzarel
pizzaria                      pizz
pizzarias                     pizz
pizzas                        pizz
placa                         plac
placas                        plac
place                         plac
placebo                       placeb
pla'cida                      pla'c
plagas                        plag
planafloro                    planaflor
planalto                      planalt
planeja                       planej
planejada                     planej
planejadas                    planej
planejado                     planej
planejam                      planej
planejamento                  planej
planejando                    planej
planejar                      planej
planejava                     planej
planejo                       planej
planejou                      planej
planet                        planet
planeta                       planet
planeta'ria                   planeta'r
planeta'rio                   planeta'ri
planetas                      planet
planilha                      planilh
plano                         plan
planos                        plan
planta                        plant
plantac,a~o                   plantac,a~
plantac,o~es                  plantac,o~
plantada                      plant
plantado                      plant
plantadora                    plantador
plantam                       plant
plantando                     plant
planta~o                      planta~
plantar                       plant
plantas                       plant
plantava                      plant
plantel                       plantel
plantificado                  plantific
plantio                       planti
plantou                       plant
planura                       planur
plaquetas                     plaquet
pla'stica                     pla'stic
plasticamente                 plastic
pla'sticas                    pla'stic
plasticidade                  plastic
pla'stico                     pla'stic
pla'sticos                    pla'stic
plastificada                  plastific
plataforma                    plataform
plate'ia                      plat
plate'ias                     plat
platina                       platin
platinada                     platin
plausi'vel                    plausi'vel
playboy                       playboy
playground                    playground
playmobil                     playmobil
plaza                         plaz
plebe'ia                      pleb
plebiscito                    plebiscit
pleiteante                    pleiteant
pleitear                      pleit
pleiteavam                    pleit
pleiteiam                     pleit
pleito                        pleit
plena                         plen
plenamente                    plen
plena'rio                     plena'ri
pleno                         plen
plenos                        plen
pli'nio                       pli'ni
pliome'trica                  pliome'tr
plissada                      pliss
plissado                      pliss
plugadas                      plug
plugados                      plug
plugaram                      plug
plumas                        plum
plural                        plural
plurie'tnico                  plurie'tn
plus                          plus
plush                         plush
pm                            pm
pmdb                          pmdb
pms                           pms
pneu                          pneu
pneumologista                 pneumolog
pneumonia                     pneumon
pneus                         pneus
pneuzinhos                    pneuzinh
po'                           po'
po^                           po^
pobre                         pobr
pobres                        pobr
pobreza                       pobrez
poc,a~o                       poc,a~
poche^                        poch
poc,o                         poc
poc,o~es                      poc,o~
pocone'                       pocon
pode                          pod
po^de                         po^d
podem                         pod
podemos                       pod
podendo                       pod
poder                         pod
podera'                       pod
podera~o                      pod
poderemos                     pod
poderes                       pod
poderia                       pod
poderiam                      pod
poderi'amos                   pod
poderio                       poderi
podermos                      pod
poderosa                      poder
poderosas                     poder
poderoso                      poder
poderosos                     poder
podia                         pod
podiam                        pod
podi'amos                     pod
podido                        pod
po'dio                        po'di
podres                        podr
poe                           poe
po~e                          po~
poeira                        poeir
poeirentas                    poeirent
po~em                         po~
poema                         poem
poemas                        poem
poe`me                        poe`m
poerenta                      poerent
poesia                        poes
poesias                       poes
poeta                         poet
poe'tico                      poe'tic
poi'da                        poi'd
point                         point
points                        points
pois                          pois
pojuca                        pojuc
pol                           pol
polar                         pol
polarizac,a~o                 polariz
polarizada                    polariz
polegar                       poleg
pole^mica                     pole^m
pole^micas                    pole^m
pole^mico                     pole^m
pole^micos                    pole^m
polemista                     polem
polemizar                     polemiz
policarpo                     policarp
polichinelo                   polichinel
policia                       polic
poli'cia                      poli'c
policiais                     polic
policial                      policial
policiamento                  polic
poli'cias                     poli'c
polici'stico                  polici'st
polida                        pol
poliga^mica                   poliga^m
poliga^micos                  poliga^m
poli'gono                     poli'gon
poliomielite                  poliomielit
polite'cnica                  polite'cn
poli'tica                     poli't
politicamente                 polit
poli'ticas                    poli't
poli'tico                     poli't
poli'ticos                    poli't
politiqueiro                  politiqueir
politizada                    politiz
politizado                    politiz
politraumatismo               politraumat
polo                          pol
po'lo                         po'l
polo^nio                      polo^ni
po'los                        po'l
polpuda                       polpud
poltrona                      poltron
poltronas                     poltron
poluic,a~o                    poluic,a~
polui'das                     polui'd
poluir                        polu
po'lvora                      po'lvor
polygram                      polygr
pomada                        pom
pombinhos                     pombinh
pomo                          pom
pompa                         pomp
pompe'ia                      pomp
pompeu                        pomp
pomposo                       pompos
pomposos                      pompos
poncho                        ponch
pondera                       pond
ponderac,a~o                  ponder
ponderado                     ponder
ponderou                      ponder
pondo                         pond
ponha                         ponh
ponham                        ponh
ponta                         pont
pontal                        pontal
pontape's                     pontape's
pontas                        pont
ponte                         pont
pontes                        pont
pontificava                   pontific
pontifi'cia                   pontifi'c
pontilhado                    pontilh
pontinha                      pontinh
ponto                         pont
pontos                        pont
pontua                        pontu
pontuada                      pontu
pontuado                      pontu
pontuais                      pontu
pontual                       pontual
pontualmente                  pontual
pontuar                       pontu
ponzio                        ponzi
poodle                        poodl
pop                           pop
popa                          pop
popovic                       popovic
poppovic                      poppovic
populac,a~o                   popul
populacional                  populacional
populac,o~es                  popul
popular                       popul
populares                     popul
popularidade                  popular
populari'ssimo                populari'ssim
populariza'                   populariz
popularizac,a~o               populariz
popularizar                   populariz
popularizou                   populariz
popularmente                  popular
populi                        popul
populista                     popul
populosa                      popul
populoso                      popul
po^quer                       po^qu
por                           por
po^r                          po^r
pora~o                        pora~
porc,a~o                      porc,a~
porcaria                      porc
porcas                        porc
porcentagem                   porcentag
porcentual                    porcentual
porco                         porc
porc,o~es                     porc,o~
porcos                        porc
pore'm                        pore'm
pormenores                    pormenor
porno^                        porno^
pornografia                   pornograf
pornogra'ficas                pornogra'f
poro                          por
poro'                         por
poro~es                       poro~
poros                         por
porosos                       poros
porque                        porqu
porque^                       porqu
porque^s                      porque^s
porquinho                     porquinh
porrada                       porr
porre                         porr
porsche                       porsch
porta                         port
portador                      portador
portadoras                    portador
portadores                    portador
portanto                      portant
porta~o                       porta~
portaria                      port
portas                        port
porta'teis                    porta't
porta'til                     porta'til
porte                         port
porteira                      porteir
porteiras                     porteir
porteiro                      porteir
porteiros                     porteir
portela                       portel
portella                      portell
portento                      portent
portentosa                    portent
portentosas                   portent
porter                        port
portes                        port
portinari                     portinar
porto                         port
portobra's                    portobra's
porto~es                      porto~
portos                        port
portua'rias                   portua'r
portua'rios                   portua'ri
portugal                      portugal
portugue^s                    portugue^s
portuguesa                    portugues
portuguesas                   portugues
portugueses                   portugues
po's                          po's
po^s                          po^s
posar                         pos
posava                        pos
pose                          pos
poses                         pos
posic,a~o                     posic,a~
posicionados                  posicion
posicionamentos               posicion
posicionar                    posicion
posic,o~es                    posic,o~
positiva                      posit
positivamente                 posit
positivas                     posit
positivo                      posit
positivos                     posit
possa                         poss
possam                        poss
possamos                      poss
possante                      possant
posse                         poss
posses                        poss
possessa~o                    possessa~
possessiva                    possess
possessivo                    possess
possesso                      possess
possi                         poss
possibilidade                 possibil
possibilidades                possibil
possibilita                   possibilit
possibilitando                possibilit
possi'veis                    possi'v
possi'vel                     possi'vel
possivelmente                 possivel
possi'velmente                possi'vel
posso                         poss
possuem                       possu
possui                        possu
possui'a                      possui'
possui'am                     possui'
possuir                       possu
posta                         post
postado                       post
postais                       post
postal                        postal
poste                         post
po^ster                       po^st
po^steres                     po^st
postergar                     posterg
posterior                     posterior
posteriores                   posterior
posteriormente                posterior
postes                        post
posto                         post
postos                        post
postulador                    postul
postulante                    postulant
postumamente                  postum
po'stumas                     po'stum
postura                       postur
posturas                      postur
pot                           pot
pota'vel                      pota'vel
pote                          pot
pote^ncia                     pote^nc
potenciais                    potenc
potencial                     potencial
potencialmente                potencial
pote^ncias                    pote^nc
potente                       potent
potentes                      potent
potinhos                      potinh
pouca                         pouc
poucas                        pouc
pouco                         pouc
poucos                        pouc
poupa                         poup
poupado                       poup
poupador                      poupador
poupadores                    poupador
poupam                        poup
poupanc,a                     poupanc
poupando                      poup
poupar                        poup
pouparam                      poup
poupou                        poup
pouquinho                     pouquinh
pouqui'ssima                  pouqui'ssim
pouqui'ssimo                  pouqui'ssim
pouqui'ssimos                 pouqui'ss
pousa                         pous
pousada                       pous
pousam                        pous
pousamos                      pous
pousando                      pous
pousar                        pous
pouso                         pous
pousou                        pous
pova~o                        pova~
povo                          pov
povoa                         povo
povoada                       povo
povoado                       povo
povoados                      povo
povoam                        povo
povoar                        povo
povos                         pov
powel                         powel
powell                        powell
power                         pow
pp                            pp
ppb                           ppb
ppp                           ppp
pr                            pr
pra                           pra
pra'                          pra'
prac,a                        prac
prada                         prad
pradesh                       pradesh
prado                         prad
prados                        prad
praga                         prag
pragma'tica                   pragma't
pragma'ticas                  pragma't
pragma'tico                   pragma't
pragma'ticos                  pragma't
pragmatismo                   pragmat
praia                         pra
praianinha                    praianinh
praias                        pra
prancheta                     pranchet
pranchetas                    pranchet
prandi                        prand
prantos                       prant
prata                         prat
prateleira                    prateleir
prateleiras                   prateleir
prates                        prat
pratica                       pratic
pra'tica                      pra'tic
praticada                     pratic
praticadas                    pratic
praticado                     pratic
praticados                    pratic
praticam                      pratic
praticamente                  pratic
praticando                    pratic
praticante                    praticant
praticantes                   praticant
praticar                      pratic
praticaram                    pratic
pra'ticas                     pra'tic
praticidade                   pratic
pra'tico                      pra'tic
pra'ticos                     pra'tic
praticou                      pratic
prato                         prat
pratos                        prat
praxe                         prax
prazeirosa                    prazeir
prazer                        praz
prazeres                      praz
prazerosa                     prazer
prazerosas                    prazer
prazeroso                     prazer
prazo                         praz
prazos                        praz
pre'                          pre'
preca'ria                     preca'r
precariamente                 precari
preca'rias                    preca'r
preca'rio                     preca'ri
preca'rios                    preca'ri
precato'rio                   precato'ri
precato'rios                  precato'ri
precauc,a~o                   precauc,a~
prece                         prec
precede                       preced
precedem                      preced
precedente                    precedent
precedentes                   precedent
precedeu                      preced
precedida                     preced
precedidos                    preced
preceitos                     preceit
preces                        prec
preciosa                      precios
preciosas                     precios
preciosidade                  precios
preciosidades                 precios
precioso                      precios
preciosos                     precios
precious                      precious
precipi'cios                  precipi'ci
precipitado                   precipit
precisa                       precis
precisado                     precis
precisam                      precis
precisamente                  precis
precisamos                    precis
precisando                    precis
precisa~o                     precisa~
precisar                      precis
precisara'                    precis
precisaria                    precis
precisariam                   precis
precisari'amos                precis
precisas                      precis
precisasse                    precis
precisava                     precis
precisavam                    precis
precisa'vamos                 precis
precise                       precis
precisei                      precis
precisem                      precis
preciso                       precis
precisos                      precis
precisou                      precis
prec,o                        prec
precoce                       precoc
precocemente                  precoc
precoces                      precoc
precocidade                   precoc
preconcebida                  preconceb
preconceito                   preconceit
preconceitos                  preconceit
preconceituosa                preconceitu
preconceituosos               preconceitu
precondic,a~o                 precondic,a~
prec,os                       prec
precursor                     precursor
precursora                    precursor
precursores                   precursor
predato'ria                   predato'r
predato'rias                  predato'r
predato'rio                   predato'ri
predestinado                  predestin
predilec,a~o                  predilec,a~
predileta                     predilet
prediletas                    predilet
predileto                     predilet
prediletos                    predilet
pre'dio                       pre'di
pre'dios                      pre'di
predispo~e                    predispo~
predisposic,a~o               predisposic,a~
predomina                     predomin
predominam                    predomin
predomina^ncia                predomina^nc
predominante                  predominant
predominantemente             predominant
predominou                    predomin
preenchem                     preench
preenchendo                   preench
preencher                     preench
preenchera'                   preench
preencheriam                  preench
preencheu                     preench
preenchia                     preench
preenchida                    preench
preenchido                    preench
preenchimento                 preenchiment
prefaciasse                   prefac
prefa'cio                     prefa'ci
prefeita                      prefeit
prefeito                      prefeit
prefeitos                     prefeit
prefeitura                    prefeitur
prefeituras                   prefeitur
prefere                       prefer
preferem                      pref
prefere^ncia                  preferent
preferencialmente             preferencial
prefere^ncias                 preferent
preferi                       prefer
preferia                      pref
preferiam                     pref
preferi'amos                  pref
preferida                     prefer
preferido                     prefer
preferidos                    prefer
preferindo                    prefer
preferino                     preferin
preferiram                    prefer
preferiria                    prefer
preferiu                      prefer
preferi'vel                   prefer
prefira                       pref
prefiro                       prefir
prefixo                       prefix
prega                         preg
pregac,a~o                    pregac,a~
pregador                      pregador
pregam                        preg
prega~o                       prega~
pregar                        preg
pregava                       preg
preguic,a                     preguic
preguic,osa                   preguic
preguic,osas                  preguic
preguic,oso                   preguic
preguic,osos                  preguic
preju                         preju
prejudica                     prejud
prejudicada                   prejudic
prejudicados                  prejudic
prejudicando                  prejudic
prejudicar                    prejudic
prejudicava                   prejudic
prejudicial                   prejudicial
prejudicou                    prejudic
prejudique                    prejudiqu
prejudiquem                   prejudiqu
prejui'zo                     prejui'z
prejui'zos                    prejui'z
preliminar                    prelimin
preliminares                  prelimin
prematura                     prematur
prematuras                    prematur
prematuridade                 prematur
premia                        prem
premia'                       premi
premiac,a~o                   premiac,a~
premiada                      premi
premiadas                     premi
premiadi'ssimo                premiadi'ssim
premiado                      premi
premiados                     premi
premiar                       premi
premiava                      premi
premiem                       premi
pre^mio                       pre^mi
pre^mios                      pre^mi
premonic,a~o                  premonic,a~
premonito'rio                 premonito'ri
premonito'rios                premonito'ri
prenda                        prend
prende                        prend
prendem                       prend
prendendo                     prend
prender                       prend
prenderam                     prend
prendeu                       prend
prendido                      prend
prenomes                      prenom
prensa                        prens
prensada                      prens
prenu'ncio                    prenu'nci
prenu'ncios                   prenu'nci
preocupa                      preocup
preocupac,a~o                 preocup
preocupac,o~es                preocup
preocupada                    preocup
preocupadas                   preocup
preocupado                    preocup
preocupados                   preocup
preocupam                     preocup
preocupante                   preocupant
preocupar                     preocup
preocuparam                   preocup
preocupasse                   preocup
preocupava                    preocup
preocupe                      preocup
preocupei                     preocup
preocupo                      preocup
preocupou                     preocup
prepara                       prep
preparac,a~o                  prepar
preparada                     prepar
preparado                     prepar
preparador                    prepar
preparadora                   prepar
preparados                    prepar
preparam                      prep
preparando                    prepar
preparar                      prepar
prepararam                    prepar
preparativos                  prepar
preparava                     prepar
prepare                       prepar
preparei                      prep
preparem                      prep
preparo                       prepar
preparos                      prepar
preparou                      prepar
preponderante                 preponderant
prepotente                    prepotent
presa                         pres
presas                        pres
presbiteriana                 presbiterian
prescindir                    prescind
prescrevem                    prescrev
prescrever                    prescrev
prescreveu                    prescrev
prescric,a~o                  prescric,a~
prescric,o~es                 prescric,o~
prescrita                     prescrit
prescritas                    prescrit
prescritos                    prescrit
presenc,a                     presenc
presenciar                    presenc
presenciou                    presenc
presente                      present
presentear                    present
presentes                     present
prese'pio                     prese'pi
preserva                      preserv
preservac,a~o                 preserv
preservada                    preserv
preservado                    preserv
preservados                   preserv
preservam                     preserv
preservar                     preserv
preservativo                  preserv
preservativos                 preserv
preservem                     preserv
preservou                     preserv
preside                       presid
preside^ncia                  president
presidenciais                 presidenc
presidencial                  presidencial
presidencialismo              presidencial
presidencialista              presidencial
presidenta                    president
presidente                    president
presidentes                   president
presidia'rios                 presidia'ri
presidida                     presid
presidido                     presid
presi'dio                     presi'di
presi'dios                    presi'di
presidir                      presid
presidiu                      presid
presley                       presley
preso                         pres
presos                        pres
press                         press
pressa                        press
pressagiar                    pressagi
pressa~o                      pressa~
pressas                       press
presse                        press
pressentido                   pressent
pressiona'                    pression
pressionado                   pression
pressionados                  pression
pressionam                    pression
pressionar                    pression
pressionasse                  pression
pressionou                    pression
presso~es                     presso~
pressupo~e                    pressupo~
pressuposto                   pressupost
presta                        prest
prestac,a~o                   prestac,a~
prestac,o~es                  prestac,o~
prestador                     prestador
prestados                     prest
prestam                       prest
prestando                     prest
prestar                       prest
prestaram                     prest
prestava                      prest
preste                        prest
prestes                       prest
prestigiado                   prestigi
prestigiados                  prestigi
presti'gio                    presti'gi
prestigiosa                   prestigi
prestigioso                   prestigi
presto                        prest
prestou                       prest
presumir                      presum
presunto                      presunt
presuntos                     presunt
pre't                         pre't
pre^t                         pre^t
preta                         pret
pretende                      pretend
pretendem                     pretend
pretendemos                   pretend
pretendente                   pretendent
pretendentes                  pretendent
pretendia                     pretend
pretendiam                    pretend
pretendo                      pret
pretensioso                   pretensi
pretenso                      pretens
preteridos                    preter
pretexto                      pretext
pretextos                     pretext
preto                         pret
pretos                        pret
prevalece                     prevalec
prevalecer                    prevalec
prevaleceu                    prevalec
preve^                        prev
preve^em                      prev
preve^m                       preve^m
prevenc,a~o                   prevenc,a~
prevendo                      prev
prevenida                     preven
prevenir                      preven
preveniu                      preven
preventiva                    prevent
preventivamente               prevent
preventivas                   prevent
preventivo                    prevent
preventivos                   prevent
prever                        prev
previ                         prev
previa                        prev
pre'via                       pre'v
previde^ncia                  prevident
previdencia'ria               previdencia'r
previdencia'rio               previdencia'ri
pre'vio                       pre'vi
previram                      prev
previsa~o                     previsa~
previsi'vel                   previs
previso~es                    previso~
prevista                      previst
previstas                     previst
previsto                      previst
previstos                     previst
previu                        prev
preza                         prez
preze                         prez
prezo                         prez
price                         pric
pride                         prid
prima                         prim
prima'ria                     prima'r
prima'rias                    prima'r
prima'rio                     prima'ri
primas                        prim
primavera                     primav
primazia                      primaz
primeira                      primeir
primeiras                     primeir
primeiro                      primeir
primeiros                     primeir
primitiva                     primit
primo                         prim
primoge^nita                  primoge^nit
primor                        primor
primordiais                   primordi
primordial                    primordial
primo'rdios                   primo'rdi
primos                        prim
prince                        princ
princesa                      princes
principais                    princip
principal                     principal
principalmente                principal
pri'ncipe                     pri'ncip
princi'pio                    princi'pi
princi'pios                   princi'pi
priore                        prior
prioridade                    prioridad
prioridades                   prioridad
prioritariamente              prioritari
priorita'rias                 priorita'r
priorita'rio                  priorita'ri
priorita'rios                 priorita'ri
prioriza'                     prioriz
priorizar                     prioriz
prisa~o                       prisa~
priscila                      priscil
priscilla                     priscill
prisco                        prisc
prisioneira                   prisioneir
prisioneiro                   prisioneir
prisioneiros                  prisioneir
prisma                        prism
priso~es                      priso~
privacidade                   privac
privada                       priv
privadas                      priv
privado                       priv
privados                      priv
privam                        priv
private                       privat
privativo                     privat
privativos                    privat
privatiza                     privatiz
privatizac,a~o                privatiz
privatizac,o~es               privatiz
privatizada                   privatiz
privatizado                   privatiz
privatizando                  privatiz
privatizar                    privatiz
prive'                        priv
privilegia                    privileg
privilegiada                  privilegi
privilegiadas                 privilegi
privilegiado                  privilegi
privilegiados                 privilegi
privilegiando                 privilegi
privile'gio                   privile'gi
prize                         priz
prn                           prn
pro                           pro
pro'                          pro'
proa'lcool                    proa'lcool
proar                         pro
probabilidade                 probabil
probabilidades                probabil
problema                      problem
problemas                     problem
problema'tica                 problema't
problema'ticas                problema't
problema'tico                 problema't
problema'ticos                problema't
probleminha                   probleminh
procede^ncia                  procedent
procedente                    procedent
procedentes                   procedent
procedesse                    proced
procedimento                  proced
procedimentos                 proced
processada                    process
processado                    process
processador                   process
processadores                 process
processados                   process
processamento                 process
processando                   process
processar                     process
processo                      process
processos                     process
processou                     process
prociamidas                   prociam
procissa~o                    procissa~
proclama                      proclam
proclamac,a~o                 proclam
proclamada                    proclam
proclamam                     proclam
proclamou                     proclam
procon                        procon
proco'pio                     proco'pi
procriac,a~o                  procriac,a~
procriar                      procri
procupa'                      procup
procura                       procur
procurac,a~o                  procur
procurac,o~es                 procur
procurada                     procur
procuradas                    procur
procurado                     procur
procurador                    procur
procuradores                  procur
procuradoria                  procurador
procurados                    procur
procuram                      procur
procuramos                    procur
procurando                    procur
procurar                      procur
procuraram                    procur
procurasse                    procur
procurassem                   procur
procurava                     procur
procura'vamos                 procur
procure                       procur
procurei                      procur
procurem                      procur
procuremos                    procur
procuro                       procur
procurou                      procur
prodi                         prod
pro'digas                     pro'dig
prodi'gio                     prodi'gi
prodigiosa                    prodigi
pro'digo                      pro'dig
produac,a~o                   produac,a~
produban                      produban
produc,a~o                    produc,a~
produc,o~es                   produc,o~
produtiva                     produt
produtivas                    produt
produtividade                 produt
produtivo                     produt
produtivos                    produt
produto                       produt
produtor                      produtor
produtora                     produtor
produtores                    produtor
produtos                      produt
produz                        produz
produzem                      produz
produzia                      produz
produzida                     produz
produzidas                    produz
produzido                     produz
produzidos                    produz
produzindo                    produz
produzir                      produz
produzira'                    produz
produziram                    produz
produziremos                  produz
produziu                      produz
produzo                       produz
proeminente                   proeminent
proer                         pro
proex                         proex
proeza                        proez
proezas                       proez
profanac,a~o                  profan
profecia                      profec
profecias                     profec
proferir                      profer
professa                      profess
professado                    profess
professor                     professor
professora                    professor
professoras                   professor
professores                   professor
profeta                       profet
profetas                      profet
profe'tica                    profe't
profile                       profil
profissa~o                    profissa~
profissionais                 profission
profissional                  profissional
profissionalismo              profissional
profissionali'ssima           profissionali'ssim
profissionalizac,a~o          profissionaliz
profissionalizante            profissionalizant
profissionalizantes           profissionalizant
profissionalmente             profissional
profisso~es                   profisso~
profunda                      profund
profundamente                 profund
profundas                     profund
profundidade                  profund
profundidades                 profund
profundo                      profund
profundos                     profund
profusa~o                     profusa~
progno'sticos                 progno'st
programa                      program
programac,a~o                 program
programac,o~es                program
programada                    program
programado                    program
programados                   program
programar                     program
programas                     program
programa'tica                 programa't
progredia                     progred
progredido                    progred
progredindo                   progred
progredir                     progred
progressa~o                   progressa~
progresso                     progress
progressos                    progress
progride                      progrid
proi'ba                       proi'b
proi'be                       proi'b
proibia                       proib
proibic,a~o                   proibic,a~
proibida                      proib
proibidas                     proib
proibido                      proib
proibidos                     proib
proibir                       proib
proibisse                     proib
proibiu                       proib
proi'bo                       proi'b
projec,a~o                    projec,a~
projec,o~es                   projec,o~
projeta                       projet
projetado                     projet
projetados                    projet
projetamos                    projet
projetando                    projet
projetar                      projet
proje'teis                    proje't
proje'til                     proje'til
projetista                    projet
projeto                       projet
projetor                      projetor
projetores                    projetor
projetos                      projet
projetou                      projet
prol                          prol
prole                         prol
proletariado                  proletari
proleta'rio                   proleta'ri
prolifera                     prolif
proliferac,a~o                prolifer
proliferaram                  prolifer
pro'logo                      pro'log
prolonga                      prolong
prolonga'                     prolong
prolongado                    prolong
prolongados                   prolong
prolongar                     prolong
prolongou                     prolong
promessa                      promess
promessas                     promess
promete                       promet
prometem                      promet
prometemos                    promet
prometendo                    promet
prometeram                    promet
prometeu                      promet
prometi                       promet
prometia                      promet
prometida                     promet
prometido                     promet
promiscuidade                 promiscu
promi'scuo                    promi'scu
promissor                     promissor
promissora                    promissor
promissores                   promissor
promisso'ria                  promisso'r
promisso'rias                 promisso'r
promoc,a~o                    promoc,a~
promocionais                  promocion
promoc,o~es                   promoc,o~
promoter                      promot
promotor                      promotor
promotora                     promotor
promotores                    promotor
promotoria                    promotor
promove                       promov
promovem                      promov
promovendo                    promov
promover                      promov
promoveram                    promov
promoveu                      promov
promovida                     promov
promovido                     promov
promovidos                    promov
promulgac,a~o                 promulg
promulgada                    promulg
pronta                        pront
prontamente                   pront
prontas                       pront
prontida~o                    prontida~
pronto                        pront
prontos                       pront
pronuncia                     pronunc
pronu'ncia                    pronu'nc
pronunciada                   pronunc
pronunciadas                  pronunc
pronunciado                   pronunc
pronunciamento                pronunc
pronunciamentos               pronunc
pronunciando                  pronunc
pronunciar                    pronunc
propagam                      propag
propaganda                    propagand
propagandas                   propagand
propagandeado                 propagand
propagandeados                propagand
propagandear                  propagand
propagandeou                  propagand
propagandista                 propagand
propagandistas                propagand
propagando                    propag
propalada                     propal
propato                       propat
propensa~o                    propensa~
propensas                     propens
propensos                     propens
propicia                      propic
propiciam                     propic
propiciara'                   propic
propi'cio                     propi'ci
propina                       propin
propo~e                       propo~
propo~em                      propo~
proponho                      proponh
propor                        propor
proporc,a~o                   proporc,a~
proporciona                   proporcion
proporcionado                 proporcion
proporcionados                proporcion
proporcionais                 proporcion
proporcional                  proporcional
proporcionando                proporcion
proporcionar                  proporcion
proporcionaram                proporcion
proporcionaria                proporcion
proporcionou                  proporcion
proporc,o~es                  proporc,o~
propo^s                       propo^s
proposic,a~o                  proposic,a~
propositada                   proposit
proposital                    proposital
propositalmente               proposital
propo'sito                    propo'sit
proposta                      propost
propostas                     propost
proposto                      propost
pro'pria                      pro'pr
propriamente                  propri
pro'prias                     pro'pr
propriedade                   propriedad
propriedades                  propriedad
proprieta'ria                 proprieta'r
proprieta'rio                 proprieta'ri
proprieta'rios                proprieta'ri
pro'prio                      pro'pri
pro'prios                     pro'pri
propulsa~o                    propulsa~
propulsora                    propulsor
propunha                      propunh
propus                        propus
propusera                     propus
prorroga                      prorrog
pros                          pros
pro's                         pro's
prosa                         pros
prosaica                      prosaic
prosaico                      prosaic
prosdo'cimo                   prosdo'cim
prospecc,a~o                  prospecc,a~
prospera                      prosp
prosperar                     prosper
prosperava                    prosper
prosperidade                  prosper
pro'spero                     pro'sper
pro'speros                    pro'sper
prossegue                     prosseg
prosseguimento                prossegu
prosseguir                    prossegu
prostaciclina                 prostaciclin
pro'stata                     pro'stat
pro'statas                    pro'stat
prostate                      prostat
prostatectomia                prostatectom
prosti'bulo                   prosti'bul
prosti'bulos                  prosti'bul
prostituic,a~o                prostituic,a~
prostituir                    prostitu
prostituta                    prostitut
prostitutas                   prostitut
prostrar                      prostr
protagonista                  protagon
protagonistas                 protagon
protagoniza                   protagoniz
protagonizada                 protagoniz
protagonizado                 protagoniz
protagonizando                protagoniz
protagonizaram                protagoniz
protagonizou                  protagoniz
protec,a~o                    protec,a~
protecionismo                 protecion
protecionistas                protecion
protec,o~es                   protec,o~
protege                       proteg
protege^                      proteg
protegem                      proteg
proteger                      proteg
protegia                      proteg
protegido                     proteg
protegidos                    proteg
protei'na                     protei'n
protei'nas                    protei'n
protelac,a~o                  protel
pro'tese                      pro'tes
pro'teses                     pro'tes
protesta                      protest
protestante                   protestant
protestantes                  protestant
protestantismo                protestant
protestar                     protest
protesto                      protest
protestos                     protest
protestou                     protest
prote'tico                    prote't
protetor                      protetor
protetores                    protetor
protocol                      protocol
protocolar                    protocol
protocolo                     protocol
proton                        proton
proto'tipo                    proto'tip
protubera^ncias               protubera^nc
proust                        proust
prova                         prov
provac,a~o                    provac,a~
provada                       prov
provado                       prov
provam                        prov
provar                        prov
provaram                      prov
provas                        prov
prova'veis                    prov
prova'vel                     prova'vel
provavelmente                 provavel
provedor                      provedor
provedora                     provedor
provedores                    provedor
proveito                      proveit
proveniente                   provenient
provenientes                  provenient
prover                        prov
proveta                       provet
provide^ncia                  provident
providenciada                 providenc
providenciam                  providenc
providenciar                  providenc
providenciaram                providenc
provide^ncias                 provident
providenciou                  providenc
provi'ncia                    provi'nc
provi'ncias                   provi'nc
proviso~es                    proviso~
proviso'ria                   proviso'r
provisoriamente               provisori
proviso'rias                  proviso'r
proviso'rio                   proviso'ri
proviso'rios                  proviso'ri
provoca                       provoc
provocac,a~o                  provoc
provocada                     provoc
provocadas                    provoc
provocado                     provoc
provocador                    provoc
provocados                    provoc
provocam                      provoc
provocando                    provoc
provocar                      provoc
provocara                     provoc
provocaram                    provoc
provocaria                    provoc
provocariam                   provoc
provocasse                    provoc
provocativa                   provoc
provocativas                  provoc
provocou                      provoc
provoque                      provoqu
provou                        prov
pro'xima                      pro'xim
pro'ximas                     pro'xim
proximidade                   proxim
proximidades                  proxim
pro'ximo                      pro'xim
pro'ximos                     pro'x
prozac                        prozac
prude^ncia                    prude^nc
prudente                      prudent
prumo                         prum
ps                            ps
psa                           psa
psb                           psb
psdb                          psdb
pseudo                        pseud
psi                           psi
psicana'lise                  psicana'lis
psicanalista                  psicanal
psicanalistas                 psicanal
psicobiologia                 psicobiolog
psicobio'logo                 psicobio'log
psicofarmacologia             psicofarmacolog
psico'loga                    psico'log
psicologia                    psicolog
psicolo'gica                  psicolo'g
psicologicamente              psicolog
psicolo'gicas                 psicolo'g
psicolo'gico                  psicolo'g
psico'logicos                 psico'log
psicolo'gicos                 psicolo'g
psico'logo                    psico'log
psico'logos                   psico'log
psicopedagoga                 psicopedagog
psicoses                      psicos
psicossocial                  psicossocial
psicoterapeuta                psicoterapeut
psicotro'picas                psicotro'p
psicotro'pico                 psicotro'p
psicotro'picos                psicotro'p
psique                        psiqu
psiquiatra                    psiquiatr
psiquiatras                   psiquiatr
psiquiatria                   psiquiatr
psiquia'tricas                psiquia'tr
psiquia'trico                 psiquia'tr
psiquicamente                 psiquic
psi'quicas                    psi'quic
psquiatra                     psquiatr
pt                            pt
ptb                           ptb
publica                       public
pu'blica                      pu'blic
publicac,a~o                  public
publicac,o~es                 public
publicada                     public
publicadas                    public
publicado                     public
publicados                    public
publicamente                  public
publicar                      public
publicaram                    public
pu'blicas                     pu'blic
publicava                     public
publicavam                    public
publicidade                   public
publicis                      public
publicita'ria                 publicita'r
publicita'rias                publicita'r
publicita'rio                 publicita'ri
publicita'rios                publicita'ri
publico                       public
pu'blico                      pu'blic
pu'blicos                     pu'blic
publicou                      public
publisher                     publish
pubs                          pubs
puc                           puc
pucara'                       puc
puccini                       puccin
pude                          pud
puder                         pud
pudera                        pud
puderam                       pud
puderem                       pud
pudesse                       pud
pudessem                      pud
pueri                         puer
pufe                          puf
pula                          pul
pulam                         pul
pulando                       pul
pular                         pul
pulassem                      pul
pulava                        pul
pulavam                       pul
pule                          pul
puleiro                       puleir
pulma~o                       pulma~
pulmo~es                      pulmo~
pulmonar                      pulmon
pulmona'ria                   pulmona'r
pulo                          pul
pulou                         pul
pulque'ria                    pulque'r
pulsac,a~o                    pulsac,a~
pulseira                      pulseir
pulso                         puls
pulsos                        puls
pululam                       pulul
pulverizadas                  pulveriz
pulverizado                   pulveriz
pulverizados                  pulveriz
pulverizou                    pulveriz
pumpkins                      pumpkins
puna                          pun
pune                          pun
punha                         punh
punhado                       punh
punhal                        punhal
punho                         punh
puni                          pun
punic,a~o                     punic,a~
punic,o~es                    punic,o~
punida                        pun
punido                        pun
punidos                       pun
punindo                       pun
punir                         pun
punks                         punks
pura                          pur
puramente                     pur
pureza                        purez
purgativa                     purgat
purismo                       purism
puritanismo                   puritan
puritano                      puritan
puritanos                     puritan
puro                          pur
puros                         pur
purple                        purpl
puseram                       pus
pustiglione                   pustiglion
puta                          put
puxa                          pux
puxada                        pux
puxados                       pux
puxam                         pux
puxando                       pux
puxa~o                        puxa~
puxar                         pux
puxaram                       pux
puxou                         pux
puzzi                         puzz
pv                            pv
q                             q
quadra                        quadr
quadrado                      quadr
quadrados                     quadr
quadras                       quadr
quadril                       quadril
quadrilha                     quadrilh
quadrilhas                    quadrilh
quadrinho                     quadrinh
quadrinhos                    quadrinh
quadris                       quadr
quadro                        quadr
quadros                       quadr
quais                         qua
quaisquer                     quaisqu
qual                          qual
qualidade                     qualidad
qualidades                    qualidad
qualificac,a~o                qualific
qualificac,o~es               qualific
qualificada                   qualific
qualificadas                  qualific
qualificado                   qualific
qualificar                    qualific
qualificaram                  qualific
qualificativo                 qualific
qualificou                    qualific
qualitativas                  qualit
qualitativo                   qualit
quality                       quality
qualquer                      qualqu
quando                        quand
quantas                       quant
quantia                       quant
qua^ntica                     qua^ntic
quantidade                    quantidad
quantidades                   quantidad
quantificada                  quantific
quantificar                   quantific
quantitativas                 quantit
quanto                        quant
quantos                       quant
quantum                       quantum
qua~o                         qua~
quarenta                      quarent
quaresma                      quaresm
quarta                        quart
quartas                       quart
quarteira~o                   quart
quarte'is                     quart
quartel                       quartel
quarteto                      quartet
quartinho                     quartinh
quarto                        quart
quartos                       quart
quase                         quas
quatro                        quatr
quatrocento~es                quatrocento~
qubilah                       qubilah
que                           que
que^                          que^
quebra                        quebr
quebrada                      quebr
quebradas                     quebr
quebradeira                   quebradeir
quebrado                      quebr
quebrados                     quebr
quebramos                     quebr
quebrando                     quebr
quebra^ngulo                  quebra^ngul
quebrante                     quebrant
quebrar                       quebr
quebraram                     quebr
quebrarem                     quebr
quebras                       quebr
quebrassem                    quebr
quebrava                      quebr
quebrei                       quebr
quebrem                       quebr
quebrou                       quebr
queda                         qued
quedas                        qued
quedistas                     quedist
que^e^e^                      que^e^
queen                         queen
queens                        queens
queijo                        queij
queima                        queim
queima'                       queim
queimada                      queim
queimado                      queim
queimados                     queim
queimaduras                   queimadur
queimam                       queim
queimando                     queim
queimar                       queim
queimava                      queim
queimou                       queim
queira                        queir
queiram                       que
queiroga                      queirog
queiro's                      queiro's
queiroz                       queiroz
queixa                        queix
queixado                      queix
queixam                       queix
queixando                     queix
queixar                       queix
queixas                       queix
queixavam                     queix
queixo                        queix
queixou                       queix
queixumes                     queixum
quela                         quel
quelo'ides                    quelo'id
quem                          quem
que^nia                       que^n
quente                        quent
quentes                       quent
quer                          quer
que'rcia                      que'rc
querela                       querel
querem                        quer
queremos                      quer
querendo                      quer
querer                        quer
queria                        quer
queriam                       quer
queri'amos                    quer
querida                       quer
queridinho                    queridinh
querido                       quer
querino                       querin
quero                         quer
querosene                     querosen
quesito                       quesit
quesitos                      quesit
quest                         quest
questa~o                      questa~
questiona                     question
questionada                   question
questionado                   question
questionam                    question
questionamentos               question
questionar                    question
questiono                     question
questionou                    question
questo~es                     questo~
quiabo                        quiab
quicaram                      quic
quickly                       quickly
quieto                        quiet
quietos                       quiet
quilate                       quilat
quilates                      quilat
quilinhos                     quilinh
quilo                         quil
quilombo                      quilomb
quilome'tricas                quilome'tr
quilome'tricos                quilome'tr
quilo^metro                   quilo^metr
quilo^metros                  quilo^metr
quilos                        quil
qui'mica                      qui'mic
qui'micas                     qui'mic
qui'mico                      qui'mic
qui'micos                     qui'mic
quimioterapia                 quimioterap
quimiotera'picos              quimiotera'p
quimono                       quimon
quincas                       quinc
quinha~o                      quinha~
quinhentos                    quinhent
quinn                         quinn
quino                         quin
quinta                        quint
quintal                       quintal
quintana                      quintan
quintanilha                   quintanilh
quinta~o                      quinta~
quintesse^ncia                quintessent
quintino                      quintin
quinto                        quint
quintos                       quint
quintuplicou                  quintuplic
quinze                        quinz
quinzena                      quinzen
quiosque                      quiosqu
quis                          quis
quisemos                      quis
quiser                        quis
quiseram                      quis
quiserem                      quis
quisesse                      quis
quisessem                     quis
quitac,a~o                    quitac,a~
quitado                       quit
quitar                        quit
quitinete                     quitinet
quixotesco                    quixotesc
quo                           quo
quo'rum                       quo'rum
quotidianamente               quotidian
r                             r
ra                            ra
ra'                           ra'
raaf                          raaf
rabelo                        rabel
rabin                         rabin
rabino                        rabin
rabinovich                    rabinovich
rabinovici                    rabinovic
rabo                          rab
rabugento                     rabugent
rac,a                         rac
rac,a~o                       rac,a~
rac,as                        rac
racha                         rach
rachados                      rach
rachadura                     rachadur
rachas                        rach
rachel                        rachel
raciais                       rac
racial                        racial
racioci'cio                   racioci'ci
raciocina                     raciocin
racioci'nio                   racioci'ni
racionadas                    racion
racionais                     racion
racional                      racional
racionalidade                 racional
racionalismo                  racional
racismo                       racism
racistas                      racist
radame's                      radame's
radar                         rad
radares                       rad
radiac,a~o                    radiac,a~
radicado                      radic
radicados                     radic
radicais                      radic
radical                       radical
radicalismo                   radical
radicalizou                   radicaliz
radicalmente                  radical
ra'dio                        ra'di
radioativa                    radioat
radioativas                   radioat
radioatividade                radioat
radiografia                   radiograf
radiografou                   radiograf
radiologia                    radiolog
radiologista                  radiolog
ra'dios                       ra'di
radiosa                       radios
radiote'cnica                 radiote'cn
radioterapeutas               radioterapeut
radioterapia                  radioterap
radunz                        radunz
rafael                        rafael
rafaela                       rafael
raga                          rag
ragas                         rag
ragsdale                      ragsdal
rahim                         rahim
raia                          rai
raimar                        raim
raimundo                      raimund
rain                          rain
rainer                        rain
rainha                        rainh
raio                          rai
raios                         rai
raiva                         raiv
raivoso                       raivos
raiz                          raiz
rai'zes                       rai'z
rajada                        raj
rajadas                       raj
rala                          ral
ralo                          ral
ralos                         ral
ralph                         ralph
ralston                       ralston
ram                           ram
ramais                        ram
ramalhete                     ramalhet
ramalho                       ramalh
ramallah                      ramallah
rambo                         ramb
ramey                         ramey
ramirez                       ramirez
rami'rez                      rami'rez
ramiro                        ramir
ramo                          ram
ramon                         ramon
ramos                         ram
rampa                         ramp
ranariddh                     ranariddh
rancho                        ranch
ranc,o                        ranc
rancor                        rancor
ranc,osa                      ranc,os
rand                          rand
random                        random
randy                         randy
ranelagh                      ranelagh
rangel                        rangel
ranger                        rang
rangers                       rangers
rangido                       rang
ranheta                       ranhet
ranieri                       ranier
ranking                       ranking
rap                           rap
rapado                        rap
rapadura                      rapadur
rapaz                         rapaz
rapazes                       rapaz
rapaziada                     rapazi
raphael                       raphael
rapid                         rapid
ra'pida                       ra'p
rapidamente                   rapid
ra'pidas                      ra'p
rapidez                       rapidez
ra'pido                       ra'p
ra'pidos                      ra'p
rapinado                      rapin
raposo                        rapos
rapper                        rapp
rappers                       rappers
raquel                        raquel
raquetada                     raquet
raquetadas                    raquet
raquete                       raquet
raquetes                      raquet
raqui'ticas                   raqui't
rara                          rar
raramente                     rar
raras                         rar
rarefeitas                    rarefeit
rarefeito                     rarefeit
raridade                      raridad
raridades                     raridad
rari'ssima                    rari'ssim
rari'ssimas                   rari'ssim
rari'ssimo                    rari'ssim
rari'ssimos                   rari'ss
rarities                      rariti
raro                          rar
raros                         rar
rasas                         ras
rasgado                       rasg
rasgar                        rasg
rasgaram                      rasg
rasgo                         rasg
rasi                          ras
rasos                         ras
raspadinha                    raspadinh
raspadinhas                   raspadinh
raspados                      rasp
rastafa'ri                    rastafa'r
rastejando                    rastej
rastejantes                   rastejant
rastreadas                    rastr
rastreamento                  rastreament
rastreando                    rastr
rastro                        rastr
ratas                         rat
ratear                        rat
ratificada                    ratific
ratificado                    ratific
ratificar                     ratific
ratificassem                  ratific
ratinho                       ratinh
ratinhos                      ratinh
rato                          rat
ratoeira                      ratoeir
rato'n                        rato'n
ratos                         rat
ratton                        ratton
rauch                         rauch
raul                          raul
raupp                         raupp
raw                           raw
raymond                       raymond
rayovac                       rayovac
raza~o                        raza~
razoa'veis                    razo
razoa'vel                     razoa'vel
razoavelmente                 razoavel
razo~es                       razo~
rbs                           rbs
rda                           rda
rdx                           rdx
re                            re
re'                           re'
reabastecer                   reabastec
reabastecimento               reabastec
reaberto                      reabert
reabilita                     reabilit
reabilitac,a~o                reabilit
reabilitado                   reabilit
reabilitar                    reabilit
reabrem                       reabr
reabriram                     reabr
reabsorc,a~o                  reabsorc,a~
reac,a~o                      reac,a~
reaciona'ria                  reaciona'r
reac,o~es                     reac,o~
readaptou                     readapt
ready                         ready
reafirma                      reafirm
reafirmada                    reafirm
reafirmam                     reafirm
reafirmar                     reafirm
reagan                        reagan
reage                         reag
reagem                        reag
reagi                         reag
reagindo                      reag
reagir                        reag
reagiram                      reag
reagiriam                     reag
reagissem                     reag
reagiu                        reag
reais                         rea
reajo                         reaj
reajuste                      reajust
real                          real
realc,a                       realc
realejos                      realej
reali                         real
realidade                     realidad
realidades                    realidad
realismo                      realism
realista                      realist
realistas                     realist
realisticamente               realist
realiza                       realiz
realiza'                      realiz
realizac,a~o                  realiz
realizac,o~es                 realiz
realizada                     realiz
realizadas                    realiz
realizado                     realiz
realizados                    realiz
realizam                      realiz
realizando                    realiz
realizar                      realiz
realizaram                    realiz
realizou                      realiz
realmente                     realment
reanimar                      reanim
reaparecido                   reaparec
reaprender                    reaprend
reaprendeu                    reaprend
reaproximac,a~o               reaproxim
reard                         reard
rearranjos                    rearranj
reativac,a~o                  reativ
reativar                      reativ
reavaliac,a~o                 reavali
reavaliada                    reavali
reaver                        reav
rebaixado                     rebaix
rebaixamento                  rebaix
rebaixando                    rebaix
rebanho                       rebanh
rebanhos                      rebanh
rebate                        rebat
rebater                       rebat
rebateu                       rebat
rebatida                      rebat
rebatidas                     rebat
rebel                         rebel
rebelar                       rebel
rebelde                       rebeld
rebeldes                      rebeld
rebeldia                      rebeld
rebelia~o                     rebelia~
rebelio~es                    rebelio~
rebelou                       rebel
rebentos                      rebent
rebites                       rebit
rebolado                      rebol
rebolando                     rebol
reboque                       reboqu
rebote                        rebot
rebouc,as                     rebouc
rebouc,ast                    rebouc,ast
rebulic,o                     rebulic
recado                        rec
recaem                        reca
recai                         reca
recai'da                      recai'd
recanto                       recant
recapitalizac,a~o             recapitaliz
recarrego                     recarreg
recatado                      recat
recebam                       receb
recebe                        receb
recebem                       receb
recebendo                     receb
receber                       receb
recebera'                     receb
receberam                     receb
receberia                     receb
recebesse                     receb
recebeu                       receb
recebi                        receb
recebia                       receb
recebiam                      receb
recebi'amos                   receb
recebida                      receb
recebidas                     receb
recebido                      receb
recebidos                     receb
recebimento                   receb
recebimentos                  receb
recebi'veis                   recebi'v
recebo                        receb
receia                        rec
receio                        recei
receita                       receit
receitada                     receit
receitadas                    receit
receitado                     receit
receitados                    receit
receitam                      receit
receitar                      receit
receitaram                    receit
receitas                      receit
receitasse                    receit
receito                       receit
receitou                      receit
receitua'rio                  receitua'ri
rece'm                        rece'm
recena                        recen
recente                       recent
recentemente                  recent
recentes                      recent
recenti'ssimos                recenti'ss
recentraliza                  recentraliz
receosa                       receos
recepc,a~o                    recepc,a~
recepcionados                 recepcion
recepcionista                 recepcion
recepta'culos                 recepta'cul
receptivas                    recept
receptivo                     recept
receptivos                    recept
receptor                      receptor
receptora                     receptor
recessa~o                     recessa~
recessivos                    recess
rechac,ada                    rechac
rechac,ado                    rechac
rechac,ados                   rechac
rechacei                      rechac
recheada                      rech
recheadas                     rech
recheado                      rech
recheados                     rech
rechear                       rech
recheia                       rech
recheiam                      rech
recheio                       rechei
recheou                       rech
reciclada                     recicl
reciclagem                    reciclag
reciclar                      recicl
recife                        recif
recinto                       recint
recipientes                   recipient
reci'proco                    reci'proc
recitac,a~o                   recit
recitais                      recit
recitam                       recit
reclama                       reclam
reclamac,a~o                  reclam
reclamac,o~es                 reclam
reclamado                     reclam
reclamam                      reclam
reclamando                    reclam
reclamar                      reclam
reclamaram                    reclam
reclamava                     reclam
reclamou                      reclam
reclusa~o                     reclusa~
recoleta                      recolet
recolhendo                    recolh
recolher                      recolh
recolheram                    recolh
recolheu                      recolh
recolhidas                    recolh
recolhido                     recolh
recolhidos                    recolh
recolhimento                  recolh
recoloca'                     recoloc
recolocac,a~o                 recoloc
recolocar                     recoloc
recombinac,a~o                recombin
recomec,ar                    recomec
recomenda                     recomend
recomendac,a~o                recomend
recomendac,o~es               recomend
recomendada                   recomend
recomendadas                  recomend
recomendado                   recomend
recomendados                  recomend
recomendam                    recomend
recomendar                    recomend
recomendava                   recomend
recomenda'vel                 recomend
recomendo                     recom
recomendou                    recomend
recompensa                    recompens
recompensado                  recompens
recompensadoras               recompens
recompensas                   recompens
recompor                      recompor
recomposic,a~o                recomposic,a~
recomprar                     recompr
recomprou                     recompr
reconciliac,a~o               reconcili
reconfirmar                   reconfirm
reconfortante                 reconfortant
reconhec,a                    reconhec
reconhece                     reconhec
reconhece^                    reconhec
reconhecem                    reconhec
reconhecer                    reconhec
reconheceram                  reconhec
reconhecessem                 reconhec
reconheceu                    reconhec
reconhecida                   reconhec
reconhecidas                  reconhec
reconhecido                   reconhec
reconhecidos                  reconhec
reconhecimento                reconhec
reconhec,o                    reconhec
reconquista                   reconqu
reconstituic,a~o              reconstituic,a~
reconstroem                   reconstro
reconstruc,a~o                reconstruc,a~
reconstruir                   reconstru
recontratar                   recontrat
reconversa~o                  reconversa~
reconvidar                    reconvid
record                        record
recorda                       record
recordac,o~es                 record
recorde                       record
recordes                      record
recordista                    record
records                       records
recorre                       recorr
recorrem                      recorr
recorrendo                    recorr
recorrente                    recorrent
recorrentes                   recorrent
recorrer                      recorr
recorrera'                    recorr
recorreu                      recorr
recorrido                     recorr
recorte                       recort
recortes                      recort
recostado                     recost
recostar                      recost
recou                         rec
recreac,a~o                   recreac,a~
recreativo                    recreat
recriar                       recri
recrimina                     recrimin
recriminaria                  recrimin
recruta                       recrut
recrutados                    recrut
recrutamento                  recrut
recrutando                    recrut
recrutou                      recrut
recua                         recu
recuar                        recu
recuo                         recu
recuou                        recu
recupera                      recup
recupera'                     recup
recuperac,a~o                 recuper
recuperada                    recuper
recuperado                    recuper
recuperam                     recup
recuperando                   recuper
recuperar                     recuper
recuperaram                   recuper
recuperei                     recup
recuperou                     recuper
recurso                       recurs
recursos                      recurs
recusa                        recus
recusa'                       recus
recusada                      recus
recusado                      recus
recusam                       recus
recusamos                     recus
recusar                       recus
recusaria                     recus
recusas                       recus
recusava                      recus
recusem                       recus
recusou                       recus
red                           red
redac,a~o                     redac,a~
redator                       redator
rede                          red
redefinir                     redefin
redemocratizac,a~o            redemocratiz
redemoinho                    redemoinh
redenc,a~o                    redenc,a~
redentor                      redentor
redentora                     redentor
redentoras                    redentor
redes                         red
redescobre                    redescobr
redescobrindo                 redescobr
redescobriu                   redescobr
redesenhando                  redesenh
redigia                       redig
redigido                      redig
redigindo                     redig
redigir                       redig
redimensionando               redimension
redobra                       redobr
redonda                       redond
redondo                       redond
redor                         redor
redoxon                       redoxon
reduc,a~o                     reduc,a~
reduc,o~es                    reduc,o~
reductil                      reductil
redunda^ncia                  redunda^nc
redundou                      redund
reduto                        redut
redutor                       redutor
redux                         redux
reduz                         reduz
reduza                        reduz
reduzam                       reduz
reduzem                       reduz
reduzi                        reduz
reduzia                       reduz
reduzida                      reduz
reduzidas                     reduz
reduzido                      reduz
reduzidos                     reduz
reduzindo                     reduz
reduzir                       reduz
reduziram                     reduz
reduzirem                     reduz
reduziu                       reduz
reedita                       reedit
reeditado                     reedit
reeduca                       reeduc
reeducac,a~o                  reeduc
reelaborar                    reelabor
reeleic,a~o                   reeleic,a~
reeleito                      reeleit
reeleitorais                  reeleitor
reeleitoral                   reeleitoral
reencarnac,a~o                reencarn
reencarnada                   reencarn
reencarnar                    reencarn
reencontrar                   reencontr
reencontro                    reencontr
reengenharia                  reengenh
reequilibrando                reequilibr
reequilibrar                  reequilibr
reergue^                      reerg
reerguer                      reergu
reerguida                     reergu
reerguido                     reergu
reestruturac,a~o              reestrutur
reestruturac,o~es             reestrutur
reestruturando                reestrutur
reeve                         reev
reexportac,o~es               reexport
reexportar                    reexport
refac,o                       refac
refaz                         refaz
refaze^                       refaz
refazer                       refaz
refazerem                     refaz
refeic,a~o                    refeic,a~
refeic,o~es                   refeic,o~
refeitas                      refeit
refeito'rios                  refeito'ri
refe'm                        refe'm
refe'ns                       refe'ns
refere                        refer
referem                       ref
refere^ncia                   referent
refere^ncias                  referent
referendo                     refer
referente                     referent
referentes                    referent
referia                       ref
referiam                      ref
referido                      refer
referindo                     refer
referiu                       refer
refestela                     refestel
refez                         refez
refilmagem                    refilmag
refinadas                     refin
refinado                      refin
refinados                     refin
refinanciamento               refinanc
refino                        refin
reflete                       reflet
refletem                      reflet
refletida                     reflet
refletindo                    reflet
refletir                      reflet
refletiu                      reflet
refletor                      refletor
reflexa~o                     reflexa~
reflexo                       reflex
reflexo~es                    reflexo~
reflexos                      reflex
reflita                       reflit
refogar                       refog
reforc,a                      reforc
reforc,am                     reforc
reforc,ando                   reforc
reforc,ar                     reforc
reforc,o                      reforc
reforc,ou                     reforc
reforma                       reform
reformado                     reform
reformar                      reform
reformaram                    reform
reformas                      reform
reformista                    reform
reformou                      reform
reformulando                  reformul
reformular                    reformul
refra~o                       refra~
refra~os                      refra~
refra~ozinho                  refra~ozinh
refrata'rias                  refrata'r
refrear                       refr
refrega                       refreg
refrescada                    refresc
refresco                      refresc
refrigerac,a~o                refriger
refrigerante                  refrigerant
refrigerantes                 refrigerant
refugiam                      refug
refugiavam                    refugi
refu'gio                      refu'gi
refu'gios                     refu'gi
refugiou                      refugi
refutam                       refut
refutar                       refut
refutaram                     refut
regada                        reg
rege                          reg
rege^ncia                     rege^nc
regenerac,a~o                 regener
regenerado                    regener
regenerar                     regener
regenerem                     regen
regentes                      regent
reggae                        regga
re'gia                        re'g
regia~o                       regia~
regia~ono                     regia~on
regida                        reg
regime                        regim
regimento                     regiment
regimes                       regim
regina                        regin
reginaldo                     reginald
re'gine                       re'gin
regio~es                      regio~
regionais                     region
regional                      regional
regionalismos                 regional
re'gis                        re'g
registra                      registr
registra'                     registr
registrada                    registr
registradas                   registr
registrado                    registr
registradora                  registr
registradoras                 registr
registrados                   registr
registral                     registral
registram                     registr
registrando                   registr
registrar                     registr
registraram                   registr
registrasse                   registr
registre                      registr
registrei                     registr
registrem                     registr
registro                      registr
registros                     registr
registrou                     registr
regra                         regr
regrada                       regr
regrado                       regr
regras                        regr
regravac,a~o                  regrav
regravac,o~es                 regrav
regressiva                    regress
re'gua                        re'gu
regula                        regul
regulador                     regul
regulados                     regul
regulamentac,a~o              regulament
regulamentada                 regulament
regulamentado                 regulament
regulamentando                regulament
regulamentar                  regulament
regulamento                   regul
regulamentos                  regul
regular                       regul
regulares                     regul
regularmente                  regular
regulavam                     regul
rei                           rei
reima~o                       reima~
reina                         rein
reinach                       reinach
reinado                       rein
reinaldo                      reinald
reinam                        rein
reinante                      reinant
reinaram                      rein
reinaugurac,a~o               reinaugur
reinava                       rein
reincide^ncia                 reincident
reincide^ncias                reincident
reincidir                     reincid
reinhold                      reinhold
reino                         rein
reinou                        rein
reintegrac,a~o                reintegr
reintegrados                  reintegr
reinventado                   reinvent
reinvestido                   reinvest
reinvestimento                reinvest
reinvestimentos               reinvest
reinvindicando                reinvindic
reis                          reis
reitor                        reitor
reitoria                      reitor
reivindica                    reivind
reivindicac,a~o               reivindic
reivindicac,o~es              reivindic
reivindicada                  reivindic
reivindicam                   reivindic
reivindicamos                 reivindic
rejeic,a~o                    rejeic,a~
rejeita                       rejeit
rejeitar                      rejeit
rejeitou                      rejeit
rejuvenescida                 rejuvenesc
relac,a~o                     relac,a~
relacinados                   relacin
relaciona                     relacion
relacionada                   relacion
relacionadas                  relacion
relacionado                   relacion
relacionados                  relacion
relacionam                    relacion
relacionamento                relacion
relacionamentos               relacion
relacionando                  relacion
relacionar                    relacion
relacionei                    relacion
relacionou                    relacion
relac,o~es                    relac,o~
rela^mpago                    rela^mpag
relampeado                    relamp
relanc,ado                    relanc
relanc,amento                 relanc
relanc,ando                   relanc
relancei                      relanc
relapso                       relaps
relata                        relat
relatado                      relat
relatados                     relat
relatando                     relat
relatar                       relat
relataram                     relat
relativa                      relat
relativamente                 relat
relativas                     relat
relatividade                  relat
relativo                      relat
relativos                     relat
relato                        relat
relator                       relator
relatores                     relator
relatorias                    relator
relato'rio                    relato'ri
relato'rios                   relato'ri
relatos                       relat
relatou                       relat
relax                         relax
relaxa                        relax
relaxado                      relax
relaxados                     relax
relaxamento                   relax
relaxante                     relaxant
relaxar                       relax
relaxou                       relax
rele'                         rel
release                       releas
relegado                      releg
releitura                     releitur
relembra                      relembr
reler                         rel
releva^ncia                   releva^nc
relevante                     relevant
relevantes                    relevant
relevo                        relev
religi                        relig
religia~o                     religia~
religio~es                    religio~
religiosa                     religi
religiosamente                religi
religiosas                    religi
religiosidade                 religios
religioso                     religi
religiosos                    religi
reli'quia                     reli'qu
reli'quias                    reli'qu
relocalizac,a~o               relocaliz
relo'gio                      relo'gi
relo'gios                     relo'gi
reluta^ncia                   reluta^nc
reluzente                     reluzent
rem                           rem
remando                       rem
remanejamentos                remanej
remanejou                     remanej
remanescente                  remanescent
remasterizada                 remasteriz
rembrant                      rembrant
reme'dio                      reme'di
reme'dios                     reme'di
remessa                       remess
remessas                      remess
remi                          rem
reminisce^ncias               reminiscent
remoc,a~o                     remoc,a~
remodelar                     remodel
remondini                     remondin
remonta                       remont
remontam                      remont
remontar                      remont
remontaram                    remont
remota                        remot
remotas                       remot
remoti'ssima                  remoti'ssim
remoto                        remot
remotos                       remot
remove                        remov
removeu                       remov
remunerac,a~o                 remuner
remunerada                    remuner
remunerados                   remuner
renais                        ren
renaissance                   renaissanc
renal                         renal
renan                         renan
renasce                       renasc
renascenc,a                   renascenc
renascer                      renasc
renascidos                    renasc
renascimento                  renasc
renata                        renat
renato                        renat
renault                       renault
renda                         rend
renda'                        rend
rendadas                      rend
rende                         rend
rendeira                      rendeir
rendem                        rend
render                        rend
renderam                      rend
rendeu                        rend
rendia                        rend
rendic,a~o                    rendic,a~
rendido                       rend
rendimento                    rendiment
rendimentos                   rendiment
rene^                         ren
rene'e                        rene'
renegociac,a~o                renegoc
renegociac,o~es               renegoc
renegociada                   renegoc
renegociando                  renegoc
renegociaram                  renegoc
renew                         renew
renina                        renin
renitente                     renitent
renner                        renn
renoir                        reno
renomadas                     renom
renomado                      renom
renomados                     renom
renome                        renom
renova                        renov
renovac,a~o                   renov
renovadas                     renov
renovado                      renov
renovador                     renov
renovados                     renov
renovam                       renov
renovando                     renov
renovar                       renov
renovaram                     renov
renova'veis                   renov
renovou                       renov
rentabilidade                 rentabil
rental                        rental
renta'veis                    rent
renta'vel                     renta'vel
rentinho                      rentinh
renu'ncia                     renu'nc
renunciamos                   renunc
renunciar                     renunc
renunciarem                   renunc
reordenar                     reorden
reorganizac,a~o               reorganiz
reorganizado                  reorganiz
reorganizar                   reorganiz
repara                        rep
reparac,a~o                   repar
reparam                       rep
reparar                       repar
reparo                        repar
repartic,a~o                  repartic,a~
repartic,o~es                 repartic,o~
repassa                       repass
repassa'                      repass
repassam                      repass
repassar                      repass
repasse                       rep
repassou                      repass
repensar                      repens
repensou                      repens
repente                       repent
repentina                     repentin
repentino                     repentin
repercussa~o                  repercussa~
reperto'rio                   reperto'ri
reperto'rios                  reperto'ri
repete                        repet
repetem                       repet
repete^ncia                   repetent
repetente                     repetent
repetentes                    repetent
repeti                        repet
repetida                      repet
repetidas                     repet
repetido                      repet
repetidoras                   repetidor
repetindo                     repet
repetir                       repet
repetitivas                   repetit
repetitivo                    repetit
repetiu                       repet
repitam                       repit
replantar                     replant
repleta                       replet
repletas                      replet
repleto                       replet
repletos                      replet
re'plica                      re'plic
replicar                      replic
re'plicas                     re'plic
repolho                       repolh
repolhos                      repolh
repor                         repor
reportagem                    reportag
reportagens                   reportagens
repo'rter                     repo'rt
repo'rteres                   repo'rt
reporters                     reporters
reposic,a~o                   reposic,a~
reposto                       repost
repouso                       repous
repreende                     repreend
repreendendo                  repreend
repreendeu                    repreend
repreendida                   repreend
represa                       repres
represado                     repres
represa'lias                  represa'l
represamento                  repres
representa                    represent
representac,a~o               represent
representac,o~es              represent
representada                  represent
representado                  represent
representados                 represent
representam                   represent
representando                 represent
representante                 representant
representantes                representant
representar                   represent
representaram                 represent
representativa                represent
representativas               represent
representava                  represent
representavam                 represent
represento                    represent
representou                   represent
repressa~o                    repressa~
repressor                     repressor
repressores                   repressor
reprima                       reprim
reprimem                      reprim
reprimir                      reprim
reprisados                    repris
reproduc,a~o                  reproduc,a~
reprodutor                    reprodutor
reprodutora                   reprodutor
reproduz                      reproduz
reproduzem                    reproduz
reproduzida                   reproduz
reproduzido                   reproduz
reproduzindo                  reproduz
reproduzir                    reproduz
reproduziram                  reproduz
reproduziu                    reproduz
reprovac,a~o                  reprov
reprovada                     reprov
reprovados                    reprov
reprova'vel                   reprov
reprovou                      reprov
re'pteis                      re'pt
repu'blica                    repu'bl
republicana                   republican
republicano                   republican
republicanos                  republican
repu'blicas                   repu'bl
republiqueta                  republiquet
repudiado                     repudi
repudiando                    repudi
repu'dio                      repu'di
repudiou                      repudi
repugna^ncia                  repugna^nc
repugnante                    repugnant
repulsa                       repuls
reputac,a~o                   reput
reputadas                     reput
reputado                      reput
requebram                     requebr
requebrar                     requebr
requer                        requ
requerimento                  requer
requia~o                      requia~
requinte                      requint
requintes                     requint
requisitadas                  requisit
requisitado                   requisit
requisitados                  requisit
requisito                     requisit
requisitos                    requisit
requisitou                    requisit
rerngchai                     rerngcha
rescaldo                      rescald
resciso'ria                   resciso'r
research                      research
resende                       resend
reserva                       reserv
reservada                     reserv
reservado                     reserv
reservados                    reserv
reservas                      reserv
reservato'rios                reservato'ri
reservou                      reserv
resfriado                     resfri
resfriados                    resfri
resgaste                      resg
resgata                       resgat
resgata'                      resgat
resgatar                      resgat
resgate                       resgat
resgatou                      resgat
reside                        resid
residem                       resid
reside^ncia                   resident
residenciais                  residenc
residencial                   residencial
reside^ncias                  resident
residente                     resident
residentes                    resident
residia                       resid
residindo                     resid
residir                       resid
residiu                       resid
residuogra'fico               residuogra'f
resi'duos                     resi'du
resigna                       resign
resistam                      resist
resiste                       res
resistem                      resist
resiste^ncia                  resistent
resiste^ncias                 resistent
resisti                       resist
resistindo                    resist
resistir                      resist
resistiram                    resist
resistiu                      resist
resisto                       resist
resmaterizac,a~o              resmateriz
resmaterizada                 resmateriz
resmaterizadas                resmateriz
resmungava                    resmung
resmungou                     resmung
resoluc,a~o                   resoluc,a~
resolve                       resolv
resolvem                      resolv
resolvemos                    resolv
resolvendo                    resolv
resolver                      resolv
resolvera                     resolv
resolveram                    resolv
resolveria                    resolv
resolvesse                    resolv
resolveu                      resolv
resolvi                       resolv
resolviam                     resolv
resolvida                     resolv
resolvido                     resolv
resolvidos                    resolv
resolvo                       resolv
resort                        resort
resources                     resourc
respalda                      respald
respaldada                    respald
respaldo                      respald
respectivamente               respect
respectivas                   respect
respeita                      respeit
respeita'                     respeit
respeitabilidade              respeit
respeitada                    respeit
respeitadas                   respeit
respeitadi'ssimo              respeitadi'ssim
respeitado                    respeit
respeitados                   respeit
respeitam                     respeit
respeitamos                   respeit
respeitando                   respeit
respeitar                     respeit
respeitaram                   respeit
respeitarem                   respeit
respeita'veis                 respeit
respeita'vel                  respeit
respeito                      respeit
respeitosa                    respeit
respeitoso                    respeit
respira                       resp
respirac,a~o                  respir
respiram                      resp
respirando                    respir
respirar                      respir
respirato'ria                 respirato'r
respirato'rios                respirato'ri
respirava                     respir
respirou                      respir
responda                      respond
responde                      respond
respondem                     respond
respondemos                   respond
respondendo                   respond
responder                     respond
responderam                   respond
respondeu                     respond
respondi                      respond
respondia                     respond
respondida                    respond
respondo                      respond
responsabilidade              respons
responsabilidades             respons
responsabiliza                responsabiliz
responsabiliza'               responsabiliz
responsabilizada              responsabiliz
responsa'veis                 respons
responsa'vel                  respons
resposta                      respost
respostas                     respost
resqui'cios                   resqui'ci
ressaca                       ressac
ressalta                      ressalt
ressaltadas                   ressalt
ressaltados                   ressalt
ressaltam                     ressalt
ressaltar                     ressalt
ressaltou                     ressalt
ressalva                      ressalv
ressalvando                   ressalv
ressalvas                     ressalv
ressarcimento                 ressarc
ressecadas                    ressec
ressecado                     ressec
ressecamento                  ressec
ressente                      ressent
ressentem                     ressent
ressentimento                 ressent
ressentimentos                ressent
ressona^ncia                  ressona^nc
ressonaria                    resson
ressou                        ress
ressu                         ressu
ressurge                      ressurg
ressurgem                     ressurg
ressurgimento                 ressurg
ressurgiram                   ressurg
ressurreic,a~o                ressurreic,a~
ressuscita                    ressuscit
ressuscitar                   ressuscit
ressuscitaram                 ressuscit
resta                         rest
restam                        rest
restante                      restant
restantes                     restant
restara'                      rest
restaram                      rest
restaria                      rest
restasse                      rest
restaurac,a~o                 restaur
restaurant                    restaurant
restaurante                   restaurant
restaurantes                  restaurant
restaurar                     restaur
restaurateurs                 restaurateurs
restava                       rest
restavam                      rest
restituic,a~o                 restituic,a~
resto                         rest
restos                        rest
restou                        rest
restric,a~o                   restric,a~
restric,o~es                  restric,o~
restringe                     restring
restringir                    restring
restrita                      restrit
restrito                      restrit
resulta                       result
resultado                     result
resultados                    result
resultam                      result
resultante                    resultant
resultantes                   resultant
resultar                      result
resultaram                    result
resultarem                    result
resultaria                    result
resultava                     result
resultou                      result
resume                        resum
resumem                       resum
resumida                      resum
resumido                      resum
resumindo                     resum
resumiu                       resum
resumo                        resum
resvalam                      resval
reta                          ret
retal                         retal
retalhado                     retalh
retaliac,a~o                  retali
retaliac,o~es                 retali
retangular                    retangul
retardam                      retard
retardar                      retard
retas                         ret
rete^                         ret
rete'm                        rete'm
retenc,a~o                    retenc,a~
reter                         ret
reteve                        retev
reticente                     reticent
reticentes                    reticent
retida                        ret
retido                        ret
retina                        retin
retira                        ret
retirada                      retir
retiradas                     retir
retirado                      retir
retirados                     retir
retiram                       ret
retirando                     retir
retirar                       retir
retiraram                     retir
retirasse                     retir
retirassem                    retir
retiro                        retir
retirou                       retir
reto                          ret
retocando                     retoc
retocar                       retoc
retoma                        retom
retomada                      retom
retomando                     retom
retomar                       retom
retomei                       retom
retomou                       retom
retorcidas                    retorc
retorcidos                    retorc
reto'rica                     reto'r
retorna                       retorn
retornam                      retorn
retornamos                    retorn
retornando                    retorn
retornar                      retorn
retorno                       retorn
retornos                      retorn
retornou                      retorn
retrabalhar                   retrabalh
retrair                       retra
retranca                      retranc
retrancas                     retranc
retransmissoras               retransmissor
retransmitia                  retransmit
retrasada                     retras
retrasado                     retras
retrata                       retrat
retratado                     retrat
retratam                      retrat
retratar                      retrat
retra'teis                    retra't
retrato                       retrat
retratos                      retrat
retribui                      retribu
retroativo                    retroat
retrocesso                    retrocess
retrospectiva                 retrospect
retrospecto                   retrospect
retruca                       retruc
retrucou                      retruc
retumbante                    retumbant
re'u                          re'u
reuma'tica                    reuma't
reumatismo                    reumat
reu'ne                        reu'n
reu'nem                       reu'n
reuni                         reun
reunia                        reun
reunia~o                      reunia~
reunida                       reun
reunidas                      reun
reunido                       reun
reunidos                      reun
reunificac,a~o                reunific
reunimos                      reun
reunio~es                     reunio~
reunir                        reun
reuniram                      reun
reuniu                        reun
reu'no                        reu'n
re'us                         re'us
revalorizac,a~o               revaloriz
revanche                      revanch
reveillon                     reveillon
re'veillon                    re'veillon
revela                        revel
revelac,a~o                   revel
revelac,o~es                  revel
reveladas                     revel
revelado                      revel
reveladora                    revel
reveladores                   revel
revelam                       revel
revelando                     revel
revelar                       revel
revelaram                     revel
revelasse                     revel
revelava                      revel
revelou                       revel
revenda                       revend
revende                       revend
revende^                      revend
revendedoras                  revendedor
revendem                      revend
revender                      revend
revendo                       rev
rever                         rev
reverberada                   reverber
revere^ncia                   reverent
reverenciado                  reverenc
reverenciam                   reverenc
reverenciar                   reverenc
reverendo                     rever
reverente                     reverent
reversa~o                     reversa~
reversor                      reversor
revertam                      revert
reverter                      revert
reverteria                    revert
reverte'rio                   reverte'ri
reverteu                      revert
revertida                     revert
revesti                       revest
revestimentos                 revest
revezar                       revez
revezava                      revez
revezou                       revez
revidar                       revid
revidavam                     revid
revidou                       revid
revigoradas                   revigor
revigorado                    revigor
revirando                     revir
revirassem                    revir
reviravolta                   reviravolt
revisa                        revis
revisadas                     revis
revisa~o                      revisa~
revista                       revist
revistas                      revist
revistinhas                   revistinh
revisto                       revist
revitalizar                   revitaliz
revitalizaram                 revitaliz
reviu                         rev
revival                       revival
revive                        reviv
revivendo                     reviv
reviver                       reviv
revlon                        revlon
revogada                      revog
revolta                       revolt
revoltadas                    revolt
revoltado                     revolt
revoltados                    revolt
revoltaram                    revolt
revoltas                      revolt
revoluc,a~o                   revoluc,a~
revolucionado                 revolucion
revolucionar                  revolucion
revoluciona'ria               revoluciona'r
revoluciona'rias              revoluciona'r
revoluciona'rio               revoluciona'ri
revolucionou                  revolucion
revoluc,o~es                  revoluc,o~
revo'lver                     revo'lv
revot                         revot
revson                        revson
rex                           rex
reza                          rez
rezar                         rez
rezas                         rez
rezende                       rezend
rezo                          rez
rezou                         rez
rg                            rg
rgs                           rgs
rh                            rh
rhodia                        rhod
rho^ne                        rho^n
ri                            ri
riachuelo                     riachuel
riam                          riam
ribamar                       ribam
ribanceiras                   ribanceir
ribeira~o                     rib
ribeiras                      ribeir
ribeirinhas                   ribeirinh
ribeiro                       ribeir
rica                          ric
ricac,os                      ricac
ricardo                       ricard
ricas                         ric
richard                       richard
richieri                      richier
rick                          rick
rico                          ric
ricos                         ric
ricota                        ricot
ri'ctus                       ri'ctus
ricupero                      ricuper
riddle                        riddl
rider                         rid
ridi'cula                     ridi'cul
ridicularizando               ridiculariz
ridi'culas                    ridi'cul
ridi'culo                     ridi'cul
ridi'culos                    ridi'cul
rifkin                        rifkin
rifle                         rifl
rifles                        rifl
ri'gida                       ri'g
rigidez                       rigidez
ri'gido                       ri'g
ri'gidos                      ri'g
rigor                         rigor
rigorosa                      rigor
rigorosamente                 rigor
rigorosas                     rigor
rigorosi'ssima                rigorosi'ssim
rigoroso                      rigor
rigorosos                     rigor
rija                          rij
rim                           rim
rima                          rim
ri'mel                        ri'mel
rimini                        rimin
rinca~o                       rinca~
rindo                         rind
rindt                         rindt
ringo                         ring
ringue                        ring
ringues                       ringu
rins                          rins
rinse                         rins
rio                           rio
riocentro                     riocentr
rioja                         rioj
rios                          rios
riquenha                      riquenh
riqueza                       riquez
riquezas                      riquez
riquinho                      riquinh
riqui'ssimo                   riqui'ssim
rir                           rir
risadas                       ris
risca                         risc
risco                         risc
riscos                        risc
riscou                        risc
rising                        rising
risi'vel                      risi'vel
riso                          ris
risos                         ris
ri'spida                      ri'sp
rispidamente                  rispid
ri'spido                      ri'sp
ri'spidos                     ri'sp
rita                          rit
ritchie                       ritchi
ritmado                       ritm
ri'tmica                      ri'tmic
ri'tmicas                     ri'tmic
ritmistas                     ritmist
ritmo                         ritm
ritmos                        ritm
rito                          rit
ritos                         rit
rituais                       ritu
ritual                        ritual
riu                           riu
rivais                        riv
rival                         rival
rivalidade                    rival
rivalidades                   rival
rivalizam                     rivaliz
rivelino                      rivelin
rivero                        river
riviera                       rivi
rivotril                      rivotril
rj                            rj
rm                            rm
rma~o                         rma~
rn                            rn
ro                            ro
ro^                           ro^
road                          road
robb                          robb
robe                          rob
robert                        robert
roberta                       robert
roberti                       robert
roberto                       robert
roberts                       roberts
robespierre                   robespierr
robin                         robin
robles                        robl
robo^                         robo^
robortella                    robortell
robru                         robru
robson                        robson
robusta                       robust
roc,a                         roc
roc,ado                       roc
roceiro                       roceir
rocha                         roch
rochas                        roch
rochedo                       roched
rochelle                      rochell
rochester                     rochest
rochosa                       rochos
rochosos                      rochos
rocinha                       rocinh
rock                          rock
rockefeller                   rockefell
rockfeller                    rockfell
rockies                       rocki
rococo'                       rococ
rod                           rod
roda                          rod
rodada                        rod
rodadas                       rod
rodado                        rod
rodam                         rod
rodando                       rod
rodar                         rod
rodas                         rod
rodavam                       rod
rodeada                       rod
rodeados                      rod
rodeia                        rod
rodeiam                       rod
rodeios                       rodei
rodinha                       rodinh
rodinhas                      rodinh
rodi'zio                      rodi'zi
rodo                          rod
rodolfo                       rodolf
rodonave                      rodonav
rodopiando                    rodopi
rodovia                       rodov
rodovia'ria                   rodovia'r
rodovia'rio                   rodovia'ri
rodovia'rios                  rodovia'ri
rodovias                      rodov
rodrigo                       rodrig
rodrigues                     rodrigu
rodriguez                     rodriguez
rodri'guez                    rodri'guez
roer                          roer
rogelio                       rogeli
roger                         rog
roge'ria                      roge'r
rogerio                       rogeri
roge'rio                      roge'ri
roitman                       roitman
rol                           rol
rola                          rol
rolagem                       rolag
rolagens                      rolagens
rolam                         rol
roland                        roland
rolando                       rol
rolar                         rol
rolaram                       rol
ro^le                         ro^l
role^                         rol
role^s                        role^s
roleta                        rolet
roletas                       rolet
rolex                         rolex
rolhas                        rolh
rolim                         rolim
roll                          roll
rolling                       rolling
rollins                       rollins
rolls                         rolls
rolo                          rol
rolou                         rol
rom                           rom
roma                          rom
romana                        roman
romance                       romanc
romances                      romanc
romano                        roman
romanos                       roman
roma^ntica                    roma^nt
roma^nticas                   roma^nt
romantico                     romant
roma^ntico                    roma^nt
roma^nticos                   roma^nt
romantismo                    romant
roma~o                        roma~
romaria                       rom
romarias                      rom
roma'rio                      roma'ri
rombo                         romb
romeiro                       romeir
romeiros                      romeir
romero                        romer
romeu                         rom
romeus                        romeus
rommel                        rommel
rompendo                      romp
romper                        romp
romperem                      romp
rompeu                        romp
rompida                       romp
rompidos                      romp
rompimento                    rompiment
roms                          roms
ro^mulo                       ro^mul
romy                          romy
ronald                        ronald
ronaldinho                    ronaldinh
ronaldo                       ronald
ronca                         ronc
roncam                        ronc
roncati                       roncat
roncatti                      roncatt
ronda                         rond
rondam                        rond
rondar                        rond
rondon                        rondon
rondo^nia                     rondo^n
rondoniense                   rondoniens
roni                          ron
roniel                        roniel
roniquito                     roniquit
ronivon                       ronivon
ronnie                        ronni
room                          room
roosevelt                     roosevelt
roque                         roqu
roqueira                      roqueir
roqueiro                      roqueir
roqueiros                     roqueir
roraima                       roraim
rosa                          ros
rosada                        ros
rosado                        ros
rosales                       rosal
rosalina                      rosalin
rosalinda                     rosalind
rosana                        rosan
rosane                        rosan
rosa^ngela                    rosa^ngel
rosa'rio                      rosa'ri
rosas                         ros
roscoe                        rosco
rose                          ros
ro'sea                        ro's
roseana                       rosean
rosely                        rosely
rosemberg                     rosemberg
rosenberg                     rosenberg
rosenblatt                    rosenblatt
rosenfeld                     rosenfeld
rosielma                      rosielm
rossellini                    rossellin
rossi                         ross
rossini                       rossin
rosto                         rost
rostos                        rost
roswell                       roswell
rota                          rot
rotac,a~o                     rotac,a~
rotas                         rot
roteirista                    roteir
roteiristas                   roteir
roteiro                       roteir
roteiros                      roteir
roterda~                      roterda~
rotina                        rotin
rotinas                       rotin
rotineira                     rotineir
rotineiramente                rotineir
rotineiro                     rotineir
rotineiros                    rotineir
rotulada                      rotul
rotulando                     rotul
ro'tulo                       ro'tul
ro'tulos                      ro'tul
roubada                       roub
roubado                       roub
roubados                      roub
roubalheira                   roubalheir
roubam                        roub
roubar                        roub
roubara                       roub
roubo                         roub
roubos                        roub
roubou                        roub
rounds                        rounds
roupa                         roup
roupagens                     roupagens
roupas                        roup
roxo                          rox
royal                         royal
royce                         royc
roza                          roz
rozas                         roz
rozi                          roz
rpm                           rpm
rs                            rs
rsf                           rsf
rsfcens                       rsfcens
rtca                          rtca
rtes                          rtes
rua                           rua
ruas                          ruas
rubem                         rub
ruben                         ruben
rubens                        rubens
rubinstein                    rubinstein
rubio                         rubi
ruc,o                         ruc
rude                          rud
rudolf                        rudolf
rudolph                       rudolph
rudyard                       rudyard
rue                           rue
ruelas                        ruel
ruga                          rug
rugas                         rug
ru'gbi                        ru'gb
rugido                        rug
rugir                         rug
rui                           rui
rui'do                        rui'd
rui'dos                       rui'd
ruidosas                      ruidos
ruim                          ruim
rui'na                        rui'n
rui'nas                       rui'n
ruins                         ruins
ruir                          ruir
ruiu                          ruiu
ruivo                         ruiv
ruiz                          ruiz
rullian                       rullian
rumar                         rum
rumaram                       rum
rumo                          rum
rumor                         rumor
rumoroso                      rumor
rumorosos                     rumor
runner                        runn
rupp                          rupp
ruptura                       ruptur
rupturas                      ruptur
rurais                        rur
rural                         rural
rusgas                        rusg
rushdie                       rushdi
russa                         russ
russas                        russ
russel                        russel
ru'ssia                       ru'ss
russificac,a~o                russific
russo                         russ
russos                        russ
ru'stico                      ru'stic
ruta                          rut
ruth                          ruth
ruy                           ruy
ryder                         ryder
s                             s
sa'                           sa'
saad                          saad
sa'bado                       sa'b
sa'bados                      sa'b
sabata                        sabat
sa'bato                       sa'bat
sabe                          sab
sabedoria                     sabedor
sabem                         sab
sabemos                       sab
sabendo                       sab
saber                         sab
sabera'                       sab
saberem                       sab
saberia                       sab
saberiam                      sab
sabermos                      sab
sabesp                        sabesp
sabia                         sab
sa'bia                        sa'b
sabiam                        sab
sabiamente                    sabi
sabi'amos                     sab
sabidamente                   sabid
sabido                        sab
sabino                        sabin
sa'bio                        sa'bi
sa'bios                       sa'bi
sabonete                      sabonet
sabor                         sabor
saborear                      sabor
saboreiam                     sabor
sabores                       sabor
saborosa                      sabor
saborosas                     sabor
saboroso                      sabor
saborosos                     sabor
sabrit                        sabrit
saca                          sac
sacada                        sac
sacados                       sac
sacanear                      sacan
sacas                         sac
sacerdo'cio                   sacerdo'ci
sacerdortisa                  sacerdortis
sacerdotal                    sacerdotal
sacerdote                     sacerdot
sacerdotes                    sacerdot
sacerdotisa                   sacerdotis
sache^                        sach
saciarem                      sac
saciedade                     saciedad
saco                          sac
sacode                        sacod
sacolas                       sacol
sacoleiras                    sacoleir
sacoleja                      sacolej
sacolejar                     sacolej
sacolejou                     sacolej
sacolinhas                    sacolinh
sacou                         sac
sacramento                    sacrament
sacrificado                   sacrific
sacrificar                    sacrific
sacrifi'cio                   sacrifi'ci
sacrifi'cios                  sacrifi'ci
sacudir                       sacud
sacudiu                       sacud
saddam                        sadd
sade                          sad
sadia                         sad
sadias                        sad
sa'dico                       sa'dic
sadomasoquistas               sadomasoqu
sae                           sae
saem                          saem
safadinha                     safadinh
safado                        saf
safar                         saf
safa'ris                      safa'r
safena                        safen
safer                         saf
safir                         saf
safra                         safr
saga                          sag
sagan                         sagan
sagra                         sagr
sagrac,a~o                    sagrac,a~
sagrada                       sagr
sagradas                      sagr
sagrado                       sagr
sagrados                      sagr
sagres                        sagr
sagrou                        sagr
sagua~o                       sagua~
sahione                       sahion
sai                           sai
sai'                          sai'
saia                          sai
sai'a                         sai'
saiam                         sai
sai'am                        sai'
sai'amos                      sai'
saias                         sai
saiba                         saib
saibam                        saib
saibro                        saibr
said                          said
sai'da                        sai'd
sai'das                       sai'd
sai'do                        sai'd
sai'dos                       sai'd
saigne                        saign
sai'mos                       sai'm
saindo                        saind
saint                         saint
sainte                        saint
saio                          sai
saiote                        saiot
sair                          sair
saira'                        sair
sai'ram                       sai'r
saira~o                       saira~
sairia                        sair
sairiam                       sair
sais                          sais
sai'sse                       sai'ss
sai'ssem                      sai'ss
saiu                          saiu
sajot                         sajot
sal                           sal
sala                          sal
salada                        sal
salamaleques                  salamalequ
salames                       salam
sala~o                        sala~
salariais                     salari
salarial                      salarial
sala'rio                      sala'ri
sala'rios                     sala'ri
salas                         sal
salazar                       salaz
saldados                      sald
saldanha                      saldanh
saldar                        sald
saldo                         sald
saldos                        sald
salem                         sal
sales                         sal
salesiana                     salesian
salgada                       salg
salgadinhos                   salgadinh
salgado                       salg
salgados                      salg
salgueiro                     salgueir
salie^ncia                    salie^nc
salie^ncias                   salie^nc
salienta                      salient
salientando                   salient
salientar                     salient
saliente                      salient
salinha                       salinh
saliva                        saliv
sallai                        salla
salles                        sall
salman                        salman
salma~o                       salma~
salmo~es                      salmo~
salobo                        salob
salo~es                       salo~
saloma~o                      saloma~
salpicado                     salpic
salsa                         sals
salsaretti                    salsarett
salta                         salt
saltam                        salt
saltando                      salt
saltarem                      salt
saltava                       salt
salte                         salt
salteador                     salteador
saltei                        salt
saltinho                      saltinh
saltitantes                   saltitant
salto                         salt
saltou                        salt
salva                         salv
salva'                        salv
salvac,a~o                    salvac,a~
salvado                       salv
salvador                      salvador
salvadora                     salvador
salvajoli                     salvajol
salvamento                    salvament
salvando                      salv
salvar                        salv
salvaria                      salv
salvatore                     salvator
salvatti                      salvatt
salvo                         salv
salvos                        salv
salvou                        salv
sam                           sam
samaipata                     samaipat
samantha                      samanth
samaritano                    samaritan
samba                         samb
sambando                      samb
sambas                        samb
sambista                      sambist
sambi'sticas                  sambi'st
sambo'dromo                   sambo'drom
sami                          sam
sampaio                       sampai
samper                        samp
sampras                       sampr
samuel                        samuel
san                           san
sanato'rio                    sanato'ri
sanches                       sanch
sanchez                       sanchez
sanc,o~es                     sanc,o~
sanda'lia                     sanda'l
sanda'lias                    sanda'l
sandalo                       sandal
sandra                        sandr
sandro                        sandr
sandui'che                    sandui'ch
sandui'ches                   sandui'ch
sandy                         sandy
saneada                       san
saneado                       san
saneamento                    saneament
sanear                        san
sanfoneiro                    sanfoneir
sanfoneiros                   sanfoneir
sangradas                     sangr
sangramentos                  sangrament
sangrando                     sangr
sangrar                       sangr
sangrenta                     sangrent
sangrento                     sangrent
sangria                       sangr
sangue                        sang
sangues                       sangu
sanguina'rios                 sanguina'ri
sangui'nea                    sangui'n
sangu"i'nea                   sangu"i'n
sangui'neos                   sangui'n
sanguinetti                   sanguinett
sanguinolentos                sanguinolent
sanidade                      sanidad
sanita'ria                    sanita'r
sanita'rias                   sanita'r
sanita'rio                    sanita'ri
sanjay                        sanjay
sans                          sans
sant                          sant
santa                         sant
santaconstancia               santaconstanc
santana                       santan
santas                        sant
santeiro                      santeir
santiago                      santiag
santidade                     santidad
santificac,a~o                santific
santilli                      santill
santi'ssima                   santi'ssim
santista                      santist
santo                         sant
santos                        sant
santua'rio                    santua'ri
santua'rios                   santua'ri
sa~o                          sa~
sap                           sap
sapaim                        sapaim
sapalo                        sapal
sapata~o                      sapata~
sapateiro                     sapateir
sapatilha                     sapatilh
sapato                        sapat
sapatos                       sapat
sape^                         sap
sape^s                        sape^s
sapezal                       sapezal
sapo                          sap
sapucai'                      sapuca
saque                         saqu
saqueando                     saqu
saquear                       saqu
saqueou                       saqu
saques                        saqu
saquinho                      saquinh
saquinhos                     saquinh
sara                          sar
sarah                         sarah
saraiva                       saraiv
saramago                      saramag
sarandah                      sarandah
sarara'                       sar
saratoga                      saratog
saraus                        saraus
sarco'fagos                   sarco'fag
sardenberg                    sardenberg
sardenta                      sardent
sargento                      sargent
sargentos                     sargent
sarmento                      sarment
sarna                         sarn
sarney                        sarney
sarro                         sarr
sarti                         sart
sartorelli                    sartorell
sartori                       sartor
sartre                        sartr
sassaricando                  sassaric
sastre                        sastr
sate'lite                     sate'lit
sate'lites                    sate'lit
sa'tira                       sa't
sa'tiras                      sa't
satisfac,a                    satisfac
satisfac,a~o                  satisf
satisfac,o~es                 satisf
satisfatoriamente             satisfatori
satisfato'rias                satisfato'r
satisfato'rio                 satisfato'ri
satisfaz                      satisfaz
satisfaze^                    satisfaz
satisfazer                    satisfaz
satisfeita                    satisfeit
satisfeiti'ssimo              satisfeiti'ssim
satisfeito                    satisfeit
satisfeitos                   satisfeit
saturadas                     satur
saturado                      satur
saturno                       saturn
sau'da                        sau'd
saudac,o~es                   saudac,o~
saudada                       saud
saudade                       saudad
saudades                      saudad
saudado                       saud
sauda'veis                    saud
sauda'vel                     sauda'vel
sau'de                        sau'd
saudosos                      saudos
saul                          saul
saulo                         saul
sauna                         saun
saunas                        saun
sauvignon                     sauvignon
savana                        savan
save                          sav
savimbi                       savimb
saviolli                      savioll
saxa~o                        saxa~
saya~o                        saya~
sbh                           sbh
sbpc                          sbpc
sbt                           sbt
sc                            sc
scala                         scal
scan                          scan
scandal                       scandal
scania                        scan
scapin                        scapin
scarel                        scarel
scaringella                   scaringell
scarlett                      scarlett
schain                        schain
schalch                       schalch
schank                        schank
scheinkman                    scheinkman
scheper                       schep
schiff                        schiff
schiffer                      schiff
schindler                     schindl
schistossoma                  schistossom
schl                          schl
schmidt                       schmidt
schneider                     schneid
school                        school
schubert                      schubert
schultz                       schultz
schu"tt                       schu"tt
schwanke                      schwank
schwarcz                      schwarcz
schwartz                      schwartz
schwarzenegger                schwarzenegg
schwarzkopf                   schwarzkopf
science                       scienc
sciences                      scienc
scientist                     scientist
scipione                      scipion
scliar                        scli
scotland                      scotland
scott                         scott
scouts                        scouts
scuba                         scub
se                            se
se'                           se'
sea                           sea
seabra                        seabr
seade                         sead
sean                          sean
search                        search
sears                         sears
seattle                       seattl
sebastianista                 sebastian
sebastia~o                    sebastia~
seca                          sec
secadores                     secador
sec,a~o                       sec,a~
secar                         sec
secaram                       sec
secc,a~o                      secc,a~
sechon                        sechon
seco                          sec
sec,o~es                      sec,o~
secou                         sec
secovi                        secov
secrec,a~o                    secrec,a~
secreta                       secret
secretamente                  secret
secretaria                    secret
secreta'ria                   secreta'r
secretariado                  secretari
secretarias                   secret
secreta'rias                  secreta'r
secreta'rio                   secreta'ri
secreta'rios                  secreta'ri
secretas                      secret
secreto                       secret
secretos                      secret
secular                       secul
seculares                     secul
se'culo                       se'cul
se'culos                      se'cul
secunda'ria                   secunda'r
secunda'rias                  secunda'r
secunda'rio                   secunda'ri
secunda'rios                  secunda'ri
secura                        secur
seda                          sed
sedada                        sed
sede                          sed
sedenta'ria                   sedenta'r
sedenta'rias                  sedenta'r
sedenta'rio                   sedenta'ri
sedentarismo                  sedentar
sediada                       sedi
sediado                       sedi
sediar                        sedi
sedimentadas                  sediment
sedimentava                   sediment
seduc,a~o                     seduc,a~
sedutor                       sedutor
sedutora                      sedutor
seduz                         seduz
seduzida                      seduz
seduzindo                     seduz
seduzir                       seduz
seduziram                     seduz
seduziu                       seduz
segall                        segall
segmentadas                   segment
segmentado                    segment
segmento                      segment
segmentos                     segment
segredo                       segred
segredos                      segred
segregac,a~o                  segreg
segue                         seg
seguem                        segu
segui                         segu
seguia                        segu
seguiam                       segu
seguida                       segu
seguidas                      segu
seguido                       segu
seguidor                      seguidor
seguidora                     seguidor
seguidores                    seguidor
seguidos                      segu
seguindo                      segu
seguinte                      seguint
seguintes                     seguint
seguir                        segu
seguiram                      segu
seguirem                      segu
seguiria                      segu
seguiu                        segu
segunda                       segund
segundas                      segund
segundo                       segund
segundos                      segund
segura                        segur
seguradora                    segur
seguradoras                   segur
segurados                     segur
seguram                       segur
seguramente                   segur
seguranc,a                    seguranc
seguranc,as                   seguranc
segurando                     segur
segurar                       segur
seguras                       segur
segurasse                     segur
segurava                      segur
segure                        segur
seguridade                    segur
seguro                        segur
seguros                       segur
segurou                       segur
sei                           sei
seio                          sei
seios                         sei
seis                          seis
seiscentos                    seiscent
seita                         seit
seitas                        seit
seja                          sej
sejam                         sej
sejamos                       sej
selam                         sel
selar                         sel
selaram                       sel
selec,a~o                     selec,a~
seleciona                     selecion
selecionada                   selecion
selecionadas                  selecion
selecionado                   selecion
selecionados                  selecion
selecionam                    selecion
selecionamos                  selecion
selecionar                    selecion
selecionaram                  selecion
selecionava                   selecion
selecionou                    selecion
selec,o~es                    selec,o~
selenium                      selenium
seleta                        selet
seletiva                      selet
seletivamente                 selet
seletivo                      selet
seleto                        selet
self                          self
selim                         selim
selinho                       selinh
sella                         sell
selleck                       selleck
seller                        sell
sellers                       sellers
selma                         selm
selmy                         selmy
selo                          sel
selton                        selton
seltzer                       seltz
selva                         selv
selvagem                      selvag
selvagens                     selvagens
selvageria                    selvag
selvas                        selv
selye                         sely
sem                           sem
semana                        seman
semanais                      seman
semanal                       semanal
semanalmente                  semanal
semana'rio                    semana'ri
semanas                       seman
semeadeira                    semeadeir
semeia                        sem
semeiskys                     semeiskys
semelhanc,a                   semelhanc
semelhanc,as                  semelhanc
semelhante                    semelhant
semelhantes                   semelhant
se^men                        se^men
semente                       sement
sementes                      sement
semeou                        sem
semestral                     semestral
semestre                      semestr
semi                          sem
semici'rculo                  semici'rcul
semiclandestinidade           semiclandestin
semifinais                    semifin
semifinal                     semifinal
semifinalista                 semifinal
semili'rico                   semili'r
seminais                      semin
semina'rio                    semina'ri
seminarista                   seminar
seminaristas                  seminar
seminuas                      seminu
semitranse                    semitrans
sempre                        sempr
sen                           sen
sena                          sen
senado                        sen
senador                       senador
senadora                      senador
senadores                     senador
senai                         sena
sena~o                        sena~
senas                         sen
senderistas                   sender
sendero                       sender
sendo                         send
senegal                       senegal
senha                         senh
senhas                        senh
senhor                        senhor
senhora                       senhor
senhoras                      senhor
senhores                      senhor
senhorial                     senhorial
se^nior                       se^nior
senioridade                   senior
senise                        senis
senna                         senn
sen~or                        sen~or
sensac,a~o                    sensac,a~
sensacionais                  sensacion
sensacional                   sensacional
sensacionalismo               sensacional
sensacionalista               sensacional
sensac,o~es                   sensac,o~
sensatas                      sensat
sensato                       sensat
sensibilidade                 sensibil
sensibiliza                   sensibiliz
sensibilizam                  sensibiliz
sensibilizar                  sensibiliz
sensibilizaram                sensibiliz
sensibilizarmos               sensibiliz
sensi'veis                    sensi'v
sensi'vel                     sensi'vel
sensivelmente                 sensivel
senso                         sens
sensor                        sensor
sensores                      sensor
sensuais                      sensu
sensual                       sensual
sensualidade                  sensual
sensuali'ssima                sensuali'ssim
sentada                       sent
sentadas                      sent
sentado                       sent
sentados                      sent
sentam                        sent
sentar                        sent
sentaram                      sent
sentarem                      sent
sentava                       sent
sente                         sent
sentei                        sent
sentem                        sent
sentenc,a                     sentenc
sentenc,as                    sentenc
sentencia                     sentenc
senti                         sent
sentia                        sent
sentiam                       sent
sentida                       sent
sentido                       sent
sentidos                      sent
sentimental                   sentimental
sentimento                    sentiment
sentimentos                   sentiment
sentindo                      sent
sentir                        sent
sentiram                      sent
sentirem                      sent
sentiria                      sent
sentisse                      sent
sentiu                        sent
sento                         sent
sentou                        sent
senzala                       senzal
separa                        sep
separa'                       sep
separac,a~o                   separ
separac,o~es                  separ
separada                      separ
separadamente                 separ
separadas                     separ
separado                      separ
separados                     separ
separamos                     separ
separando                     separ
separar                       separ
separaram                     separ
separei                       sep
separo                        separ
separou                       separ
sepetiba                      sepetib
septecemia                    septecem
sepulcro                      sepulcr
sepultada                     sepult
sepultado                     sepult
sepultamento                  sepult
sepultou                      sepult
sepulveda                     sepulved
sepu'lveda                    sepu'lved
sequ"ela                      sequ"el
sequelas                      sequel
sequ"elas                     sequ"el
seque^ncia                    seque^nc
sequ"e^ncia                   sequ"e^nc
sequenciar                    sequenc
seque^ncias                   seque^nc
sequer                        sequ
sequestrada                   sequestr
sequestrado                   sequestr
sequestrados                  sequestr
sequ"estrando                 sequ"estr
sequ"estravam                 sequ"estr
sequestro                     sequestr
sequ"estro                    sequ"estr
sequ"estrou                   sequ"estr
sequo'ias                     sequo'
ser                           ser
sera'                         ser
serafin                       serafin
sera~o                        sera~
sercreta'rio                  sercreta'ri
serei                         ser
serem                         ser
seremos                       ser
serenidade                    seren
sereno                        seren
serenos                       seren
seres                         ser
sergi                         serg
sergio                        sergi
se'rgio                       se'rgi
sergipana                     sergipan
sergipano                     sergipan
sergipe                       sergip
seria                         ser
se'ria                        se'r
seriado                       seri
seriam                        ser
seriamente                    seri
se'rias                       se'r
se'rie                        se'ri
seriedade                     seriedad
se'ries                       se'ri
serii'ssima                   serii'ssim
seringa                       sering
seringal                      seringal
se'rio                        se'ri
se'rios                       se'ri
sermos                        serm
serotonina                    serotonin
serpente                      serpent
serpentes                     serpent
serra                         serr
serrado                       serr
serralheiro                   serralheir
serran                        serran
serrano                       serran
serrar                        serr
serraria                      serr
serrarias                     serr
sertaneja                     sertanej
sertanejo                     sertanej
sertanejos                    sertanej
serta~o                       serta~
serve                         serv
servel                        servel
servem                        serv
servente                      servent
serventia                     servent
servi                         serv
servia                        serv
serviam                       serv
service                       servic
services                      servic
servic,o                      servic
servic,os                     servic
servida                       serv
servidas                      serv
servido                       serv
servidor                      servidor
servidores                    servidor
servidos                      serv
servindo                      serv
servir                        serv
servira'                      serv
serviram                      serv
servirem                      serv
serviu                        serv
sesi                          ses
sessa                         sess
sessa~o                       sessa~
sessenta                      sessent
sesso                         sess
sesso~es                      sesso~
set                           set
sete                          set
setembro                      setembr
setenta                       setent
se'tima                       se'tim
se'timo                       se'tim
setor                         setor
setores                       setor
setorialmente                 setorial
setorizada                    setoriz
sets                          sets
setti                         sett
seu                           seu
seus                          seus
sevcenko                      sevcenk
severa                        sev
severas                       sev
severidade                    sever
severina                      severin
severino                      severin
severo                        sever
sex                           sex
sexo                          sex
sexos                         sex
sexta                         sext
sextas                        sext
sexto                         sext
sexuais                       sexu
sexual                        sexual
sexualidade                   sexual
sexualmente                   sexual
sexy                          sexy
sfh                           sfh
shabazz                       shabazz
shabbaz                       shabbaz
shakespeare                   shakespear
shakira                       shak
shalikashvili                 shalikashvil
shalom                        shalom
sharon                        sharon
shattered                     shattered
shearer                       shear
sheik                         sheik
sheila                        sheil
sheldon                       sheldon
shell                         shell
shepard                       shepard
shikasho                      shikash
shimosaka                     shimosak
shirer                        shir
shirley                       shirley
shopping                      shopping
shoppings                     shoppings
short                         short
shortinhos                    shortinh
shorts                        shorts
show                          show
shows                         shows
si                            si
siame^s                       siame^s
siamesa                       siames
sia~o                         sia~
sibe'ria                      sibe'r
siberianas                    siberian
sibutramina                   sibutramin
siciliani                     sicilian
sicrano                       sicran
sidaui                        sidau
side                          sid
sideral                       sideral
sideru'rgica                  sideru'rg
sideru'rgicas                 sideru'rg
sidnei                        sidn
sidney                        sidney
sido                          sid
sidrola^ndia                  sidrola^nd
sie`cle                       sie`cl
siegfried                     siegfried
sielma                        sielm
siena                         sien
sierra                        sierr
si'filis                      si'fil
sig                           sig
siga                          sig
sigilo                        sigil
sigiloso                      sigil
sigilosos                     sigil
sigla                         sigl
sigmund                       sigmund
signata'rios                  signata'ri
signer                        sign
signes                        sign
significa                     signif
significado                   signific
significam                    signific
significante                  significant
significar                    signific
significara~o                 signific
significaria                  signific
significasse                  signific
significativa                 signific
significativas                signific
significativo                 signific
significativos                signific
significava                   signific
significavam                  signific
significou                    signific
signifique                    signifiqu
signo                         sign
sigo                          sig
sigourney                     sigourney
sigulem                       sigul
sihanouk                      sihanouk
sikorsky                      sikorsky
silenciadas                   silenc
silenciar                     silenc
silenciarem                   silenc
sile^ncio                     sile^nci
silenciosa                    silenc
silenciosamente               silenc
silencioso                    silenc
silhueta                      silhuet
silicone                      silicon
sille's                       sille's
silva                         silv
silvana                       silvan
silvania                      silvan
silvas                        silv
silveira                      silveir
silve'rio                     silve'ri
silvestre                     silvestr
silvestres                    silvestr
silvia                        silv
si'lvia                       si'lv
silvino                       silvin
silvio                        silvi
si'lvio                       si'lvi
silvio^o^                     silvio^o^
sim                           sim
simancol                      simancol
simas                         sim
simbio'tica                   simbio't
simbo'lica                    simbo'l
simbo'lico                    simbo'l
simbolismo                    simbol
simbolismos                   simbol
simboliza                     simboliz
si'mbolo                      si'mbol
si'mbolos                     si'mbol
simca                         simc
similar                       simil
similares                     simil
simla                         siml
simon                         simon
simo'n                        simo'n
simone                        simon
simonetti                     simonett
simonsen                      simonsen
simpatia                      simpat
simpatias                     simpat
simpa'tica                    simpa't
simpa'tico                    simpa't
simpatizante                  simpatizant
simpatizantes                 simpatizant
simpatizar                    simpatiz
simples                       simpl
simplesmente                  simples
simplicidade                  simplic
simplificac,a~o               simplific
simplificac,o~es              simplific
simplificador                 simplific
simplificados                 simplific
simplificam                   simplific
simplificou                   simplific
simplo'ria                    simplo'r
simpo'sio                     simpo'si
simpson                       simpson
simulac,a~o                   simul
simulac,o~es                  simul
simuladas                     simul
simulado                      simul
simulador                     simul
simuladores                   simul
simulando                     simul
simular                       simul
simulation                    simulation
simulou                       simul
simulta^nea                   simulta^n
simultaneamente               simultan
simulta^neas                  simulta^n
simulta^neos                  simulta^n
sinagoga                      sinagog
sinagogas                     sinagog
sinais                        sin
sinal                         sinal
sinaliza                      sinaliz
sinalizac,a~o                 sinaliz
sinalizador                   sinaliz
sinalizar                     sinaliz
sinalizaram                   sinaliz
sinalizava                    sinaliz
sinatra                       sinatr
sincera                       sinc
sinceramente                  sincer
sinceridade                   sincer
sincero                       sincer
sincopadas                    sincop
si'ncope                      si'ncop
sincretismo                   sincret
sincronizadas                 sincroniz
si'ndica                      si'ndic
sindical                      sindical
sindicalista                  sindical
sindicalistas                 sindical
sindica^ncia                  sindica^nc
sindicato                     sindicat
sindicatos                    sindicat
si'ndrome                     si'ndrom
si'ndromes                    si'ndrom
sinduscon                     sinduscon
sinergia                      sinerg
sines                         sin
sinfo^nica                    sinfo^n
singela                       singel
singelas                      singel
singelo                       singel
singrando                     singr
singular                      singul
singulares                    singul
sinha'                        sinh
sinistra                      sinistr
sinistras                     sinistr
sinistro                      sinistr
sinistros                     sinistr
sino^nimo                     sino^nim
sinos                         sin
sinta                         sint
sintam                        sint
si'ntese                      si'ntes
sinte'tica                    sinte't
sinte'ticos                   sinte't
sintetiza                     sintetiz
sintetizados                  sintetiz
sinto                         sint
sintofarma                    sintofarm
sintoma                       sintom
sintomas                      sintom
sintonia                      sinton
sintonizado                   sintoniz
sinval                        sinval
sion                          sion
siqueira                      siqueir
sir                           sir
sirene                        siren
sirenes                       siren
si'ria                        si'r
si'rio                        si'ri
sirotsky                      sirotsky
sirva                         sirv
sirvam                        sirv
sirvo                         sirv
sisal                         sisal
sisleide                      sisleid
sissi                         siss
sistel                        sistel
sistema                       sistem
sistemas                      sistem
sistema'tica                  sistema't
sistematicamente              sistemat
sistema'tico                  sistema't
sisudamente                   sisud
sisudo                        sisud
sisudos                       sisud
site                          sit
sites                         sit
si'tio                        si'ti
si'tios                       si'ti
situa                         situ
situac,a~o                    situac,a~
situac,o~es                   situac,o~
situada                       situ
situado                       situ
situados                      situ
situam                        situ
situar                        situ
situavam                      situ
sivam                         siv
six                           six
sizer                         siz
skank                         skank
skate                         skat
skatista                      skatist
skatistas                     skatist
ski                           ski
sky                           sky
slam                          slam
slava                         slav
sleeping                      sleeping
sloan                         sloan
slogan                        slogan
sm                            sm
smartwood                     smartwood
smashing                      smashing
smedt                         smedt
smeraldi                      smerald
smirnoff                      smirnoff
smith                         smith
smoke                         smok
smoking                       smoking
snea                          sne
sni                           sni
so'                           so'
soa                           soa
soam                          soam
soar                          soar
soares                        soar
soa'res                       soa'r
soa'rez                       soa'rez
soava                         soav
soavam                        soav
sob                           sob
sobe                          sob
sobem                         sob
soberania                     soberan
soberano                      soberan
soberba                       soberb
soberbo                       soberb
soboreava                     sobor
sobra                         sobr
sobrado                       sobr
sobram                        sobr
sobrancelhas                  sobrancelh
sobrando                      sobr
sobrar                        sobr
sobraram                      sobr
sobras                        sobr
sobre                         sobr
sobreaviso                    sobreavis
sobrecarga                    sobrecarg
sobrecarrega                  sobrecarreg
sobrecarregada                sobrecarreg
sobremesa                     sobremes
sobrenatural                  sobrenatural
sobrenome                     sobrenom
sobrenomes                    sobrenom
sobrepo~em                    sobrepo~
sobrepor                      sobrepor
sobrepuja                     sobrepuj
sobressai                     sobressa
sobressaiu                    sobressa
sobressalto                   sobressalt
sobressaltos                  sobressalt
sobretudo                     sobretud
sobrevalorizac,a~o            sobrevaloriz
sobreve'm                     sobreve'm
sobrevida                     sobrev
sobrevive                     sobreviv
sobrevivem                    sobreviv
sobrevive^ncia                sobrevivent
sobrevivendo                  sobreviv
sobrevivente                  sobrevivent
sobreviventes                 sobrevivent
sobreviver                    sobreviv
sobreviveram                  sobreviv
sobrevivera~o                 sobreviv
sobrevivessem                 sobreviv
sobreviveu                    sobreviv
sobrevivi                     sobreviv
sobrevivido                   sobreviv
sobrevoado                    sobrevo
sobrevoando                   sobrevo
sobrevoava                    sobrevo
sobrevoe                      sobrevo
so'brias                      so'br
sobrinha                      sobrinh
sobrinhas                     sobrinh
sobrinho                      sobrinh
sobrinhos                     sobrinh
so'brios                      so'bri
sobrou                        sobr
soccer                        socc
sochaczewski                  sochaczewsk
so'cia                        so'c
sociais                       soc
social                        social
socialismo                    social
socialista                    social
socialistas                   social
socialite                     socialit
socialites                    socialit
socializantes                 socializant
socialmente                   social
so'cias                       so'c
socia'vel                     socia'vel
sociedade                     sociedad
sociedades                    sociedad
society                       society
so'cio                        so'ci
socio'loga                    socio'log
sociologava                   sociolog
sociologia                    sociolog
sociolo'gico                  sociolo'g
socio'logo                    socio'log
socio'logos                   socio'log
so'cios                       so'ci
socorrer                      socorr
socorrera'                    socorr
socorreu                      socorr
socorro                       socorr
socos                         soc
so'crates                     so'crat
so'dio                        so'di
sodre'                        sodr
soe                           soe
soeltl                        soeltl
soeur                         soeur
sofa'                         sof
sofa's                        sofa's
sofaza~o                      sofaza~
sofia                         sof
sofisticac,a~o                sofistic
sofisticada                   sofistic
sofisticadas                  sofistic
sofisticado                   sofistic
sofisticados                  sofistic
sofisticar                    sofistic
sofra                         sofr
sofre                         sofr
sofrem                        sofr
sofrendo                      sofr
sofrer                        sofr
sofrera                       sofr
sofrera'                      sofr
sofreram                      sofr
sofrera~o                     sofr
sofreria                      sofr
sofreu                        sofr
sofri                         sofr
sofria                        sofr
sofrida                       sofr
sofridas                      sofr
sofrido                       sofr
sofrimento                    sofriment
sofrimentos                   sofriment
sofro                         sofr
software                      softwar
softwares                     softw
sogro                         sogr
soja                          soj
sol                           sol
sola                          sol
solados                       sol
solange                       solang
solano                        solan
solar                         sol
solarizac,a~o                 solariz
soldadesca                    soldadesc
soldado                       sold
soldador                      soldador
soldados                      sold
soldar                        sold
soledade                      soledad
soleira                       soleir
solenidade                    solen
soletto                       solett
solicita                      solicit
solicitac,a~o                 solicit
solicitado                    solicit
solicitando                   solicit
solicitava                    solicit
solicite                      solicit
solicitei                     solicit
solicitou                     solicit
so'lida                       so'l
solidamente                   solid
solida~o                      solida~
solida'ria                    solida'r
solidariedade                 solidariedad
so'lidas                      so'l
solidez                       solidez
so'lido                       so'l
so'lidos                      so'l
solita'ria                    solita'r
solita'rias                   solita'r
solita'rio                    solita'ri
solita'rios                   solita'ri
solo                          sol
solow                         solow
solsti'cios                   solsti'ci
solta                         solt
soltam                        solt
soltar                        solt
soltava                       solt
solteira                      solteir
solteiri'ssima                solteiri'ssim
solteiro                      solteir
soltl                         soltl
solto                         solt
soltos                        solt
soltou                        solt
soluc,a~o                     soluc,a~
solucionar                    solucion
soluc,o~es                    soluc,o~
solventes                     solvent
som                           som
soma                          som
somadas                       som
somado                        som
somados                       som
somam                         som
somando                       som
somar                         som
somariam                      som
somarmos                      som
somavam                       som
sombra                        sombr
sombras                       sombr
sombrias                      sombr
some                          som
somente                       soment
sommelier                     sommeli
sommeliers                    sommeliers
somos                         som
somou                         som
son                           son
sonda                         sond
sondas                        sond
sonegac,a~o                   soneg
sonegada                      soneg
sonegadas                     soneg
songbooks                     songbooks
sonha                         sonh
sonhada                       sonh
sonham                        sonh
sonhando                      sonh
sonhar                        sonh
sonhava                       sonh
sonho                         sonh
sonhos                        sonh
sonhou                        sonh
sonia                         son
so^nia                        so^n
sono                          son
sonole^ncia                   sonolent
sonora                        sonor
sonoridades                   sonor
sonoro                        sonor
sonoros                       sonor
sonoterapia                   sonoterap
sons                          sons
soou                          soou
sopa                          sop
sopa~o                        sopa~
sophia                        soph
soprano                       sopran
sopranos                      sopran
sopro                         sopr
soraya                        soray
sorbonne                      sorbonn
soriano                       sorian
sorima                        sorim
sorine                        sorin
soro                          sor
sorocaba                      sorocab
soropositivas                 soroposit
soropositivo                  soroposit
soropositivos                 soroposit
sorrah                        sorrah
sorrateiramente               sorrateir
sorrenti                      sorrent
sorri                         sorr
sorria                        sorr
sorridente                    sorrident
sorridentes                   sorrident
sorrindo                      sorr
sorriso                       sorris
sorrisos                      sorris
sorte                         sort
sorteado                      sort
sorteando                     sort
sorteia                       sort
sorteio                       sortei
sorteios                      sortei
sorvete                       sorvet
sorveteria                    sorvet
sos                           sos
so's                          so's
sossegadamente                sosseg
sossegadas                    sosseg
sossegado                     sosseg
sossego                       sosseg
sotaque                       sotaqu
soterrado                     soterr
soto                          sot
sotto                         sott
sou                           sou
soube                         soub
souber                        soub
souberam                      soub
souberem                      soub
soubesse                      soub
soul                          soul
sound                         sound
sourcing                      sourcing
sousa                         sous
south                         south
souto                         sout
souvenirs                     souvenirs
souza                         souz
sovie'tica                    sovie't
sovie'ticas                   sovie't
sovie'tico                    sovie't
sovie'ticos                   sovie't
soyuz                         soyuz
sozinha                       sozinh
sozinhas                      sozinh
sozinho                       sozinh
sozinhos                      sozinh
sp                            sp
spa                           spa
spandau                       spandau
spanish                       spanish
specialty                     specialty
specific                      specific
spectr                        spectr
spielberg                     spielberg
spinosa                       spinos
spinto                        spint
spiritual                     spiritual
spiti                         spit
spitzer                       spitz
sport                         sport
sportszone                    sportszon
spray                         spray
squandered                    squandered
squibb                        squibb
sr                            sr
sra                           sra
srougi                        sroug
sroulevitch                   sroulevitch
sser                          sser
staff                         staff
stalin                        stalin
stalinista                    stalin
stalking                      stalking
stamey                        stamey
standish                      standish
stanford                      stanford
stanislaw                     stanislaw
stanley                       stanley
stanovnik                     stanovnik
stanton                       stanton
star                          star
starling                      starling
stasi                         stas
state                         stat
status                        status
steam                         ste
stefano                       stefan
steffi                        steff
stein                         stein
steinbruch                    steinbruch
steiner                       stein
stella                        stell
stephanes                     stephan
stephanie                     stephani
stephen                       stephen
sterne                        stern
steven                        steven
stevie                        stevi
stewart                       stewart
stf                           stf
stich                         stich
sto                           sto
stoliar                       stoli
stone                         ston
stones                        ston
stonewall                     stonewall
storehouse                    storehous
strassmann                    strassmann
strategy                      strategy
street                        street
stress                        stress
strip                         strip
striptease                    stripteas
stripteaser                   stripteas
struckert                     struckert
stuart                        stuart
stuckert                      stuckert
studio                        studi
studios                       studi
stupas                        stup
sua                           sua
suadas                        suad
suar                          suar
suas                          suas
suassuna                      suassun
suavam                        suav
suave                         suav
suaves                        suav
suavizou                      suaviz
sub                           sub
subato^mica                   subato^m
subdesenvolvimento            subdesenvolv
subempregadas                 subempreg
subestima                     subestim
subestimado                   subestim
subgerente                    subgerent
subgrupos                     subgrup
subi                          sub
subia                         sub
subiam                        sub
subida                        sub
subidas                       sub
subindo                       sub
subir                         sub
subiram                       sub
subiria                       sub
subisse                       sub
su'bita                       su'bit
subitamente                   subit
su'bitas                      su'bit
su'bito                       su'bit
subiu                         sub
subjetiva                     subjet
subjetivo                     subjet
subjugou                      subjug
submarino                     submarin
submarinos                    submarin
submergente                   submergent
submersa                      submers
submete                       submet
submete^                      submet
submetem                      submet
submeter                      submet
submeteria                    submet
submetida                     submet
submetidas                    submet
submetido                     submet
submetidos                    submet
submisso                      submiss
submundo                      submund
subnutrido                    subnutr
subordinac,a~o                subordin
subordinadas                  subordin
subordinado                   subordin
subordinados                  subordin
subornado                     suborn
subornando                    suborn
subornavam                    suborn
suborno                       suborn
subprocurador                 subprocur
subprodutos                   subprodut
subrahmanyan                  subrahmanyan
subsidia                      subsid
subsidiado                    subsidi
subsidiados                   subsidi
subsidia'ria                  subsidia'r
subsi'dios                    subsi'di
subsistem                     subsist
subsiste^ncia                 subsistent
subsolos                      subsol
substa^ncia                   substa^nc
substancial                   substancial
substancialmente              substancial
substa^ncias                  substa^nc
substantivos                  substant
substituem                    substitu
substitui                     substitu
substitui'                    substitu
substituic,a~o                substituic,a~
substitui'da                  substitui'd
substitui'das                 substitui'd
substitui'do                  substitui'd
substitui'dos                 substitui'd
substituindo                  substitu
substituir                    substitu
substitui'ram                 substitui'r
substituiu                    substitu
substituta                    substitut
substitutivo                  substitut
substituto                    substitut
substitutos                   substitut
subterfu'gios                 subterfu'gi
subterra^nea                  subterra^n
subterra^neas                 subterra^n
subtrai                       subtra
subunidades                   subun
suburbana                     suburban
suburbano                     suburban
subu'rbio                     subu'rbi
subvencionado                 subvencion
subvenc,o~es                  subvenc,o~
subversa~o                    subversa~
subversivas                   subvers
subversivo                    subvers
subvertendo                   subvert
sucata                        sucat
sucatas                       sucat
sucateados                    sucat
sucateia                      sucat
sucede                        suced
sucede^                       suced
sucedem                       suced
suceder                       suced
sucederam                     suced
sucedeu                       suced
sucedida                      suced
sucedidas                     suced
sucedido                      suced
sucedidos                     suced
sucessa~o                     sucessa~
sucessivas                    sucess
sucessivos                    sucess
sucesso                       sucess
sucessor                      sucessor
sucessora                     sucessor
sucessores                    sucessor
sucesso'ria                   sucesso'r
sucesso'rios                  sucesso'ri
sucessos                      sucess
suco                          suc
sucos                         suc
suculento                     suculent
sucumbe                       sucumb
sucumbiu                      sucumb
sucursais                     sucurs
sudam                         sud
sudameris                     sudamer
suda~o                        suda~
sudeste                       sud
su'ditos                      su'dit
sudoeste                      sudo
sueca                         suec
sue'cia                       sue'c
sueco                         suec
suecos                        suec
sued                          sued
suelen                        suelen
sueli                         suel
suely                         suely
suficiente                    suficient
suficientemente               suficient
suficientes                   suficient
sufixos                       sufix
sufocante                     sufocant
sufocar                       sufoc
sufoco                        sufoc
suframa                       sufram
sugadas                       sug
sugadoras                     sugador
sugar                         sug
sugere                        suger
sugerem                       sug
sugeri                        suger
sugerido                      suger
sugerindo                     suger
sugerir                       suger
sugeriram                     suger
sugeriu                       suger
sugesta~o                     sugesta~
sugestivas                    sugest
sugestivo                     sugest
sugesto~es                    sugesto~
suggs                         suggs
sugiro                        sugir
sui                           sui
sui'c,a                       sui'c
suicida                       suic
suicidado                     suicid
suicidar                      suicid
suicidaria                    suicid
suicidei                      suicid
suici'dio                     suici'di
suici'dios                    suici'di
suicidou                      suicid
sui'c,o                       sui'c
suingue                       suing
sui'te                        sui't
sui'tes                       sui't
suja                          suj
sujas                         suj
sujeira                       sujeir
sujeiras                      sujeir
sujeita                       sujeit
sujeitas                      sujeit
sujeito                       sujeit
sujeitos                      sujeit
sujo                          suj
sujou                         suj
sul                           sul
sulcado                       sulc
suleiman                      suleiman
sule^ra                       sule^r
sulistas                      sulist
sulta~o                       sulta~
sulto~es                      sulto~
suma                          sum
suma'rias                     suma'r
sumic,o                       sumic
sumic,os                      sumic
sumidade                      sumidad
sumido                        sum
sumindo                       sum
sumir                         sum
sumira                        sum
sumiram                       sum
sumiu                         sum
summersby                     summersby
sun                           sun
sundae                        sunda
sunday                        sunday
sunga                         sung
suntuoso                      suntuos
suntuosos                     suntuos
suor                          suor
super                         sup
supera                        sup
superada                      super
superado                      super
superalimentac,a~o            superaliment
superam                       sup
superando                     super
superar                       super
superaram                     super
superavita'rios               superavita'ri
superbuble                    superbubl
supercerto                    supercert
superchateado                 superchat
superchique                   superchiqu
superci'lio                   superci'li
supercola                     supercol
supercomputadores             supercomput
supere                        super
superespecializac,a~o         superespecializ
superespia~o                  superespia~
superesquema                  superesquem
superestimar                  superestim
superestimular                superestimul
superesti'mulos               superesti'mul
superexposic,a~o              superexposic,a~
superfaturamento              superfatur
superfaturar                  superfatur
superfeliz                    superfeliz
superficiais                  superfic
superficial                   superficial
superfi'cie                   superfi'c
supe'rfluo                    supe'rflu
superintende^ncia             superintendent
superintende^ncias            superintendent
superintendente               superintendent
superinteressante             superinteressant
superior                      superior
superiores                    superior
superioridade                 superior
superjogo                     superjog
superlaminada                 superlamin
superloja                     superloj
superlotac,a~o                superlot
superlotada                   superlot
superman                      superman
supermercado                  supermerc
supermercados                 supermerc
supernormal                   supernormal
superou                       super
superpopulac,a~o              superpopul
superpopulosa                 superpopul
superpote^ncias               superpotent
superso^nicos                 superso^n
superstic,a~o                 superstic,a~
supersticioso                 superstic
superternos                   supertern
supervisa~o                   supervisa~
supervisionados               supervision
supervisor                    supervisor
suplemento                    suplement
supletivo                     suplet
supli'cio                     supli'ci
suplicy                       suplicy
supo~e                        supo~
supo~em                       supo~
supor                         supor
suporta                       suport
suportam                      suport
suportar                      suport
suporte                       suport
suportou                      suport
suposic,a~o                   suposic,a~
suposta                       supost
supostamente                  supost
supostas                      supost
suposto                       supost
supostos                      supost
supra                         supr
suprema                       suprem
supremacia                    supremac
supremo                       suprem
supressa~o                    supressa~
suprida                       supr
supridores                    supridor
suprimento                    supriment
suprimentos                   supriment
suprimir                      suprim
suprir                        supr
supusesse                     supus
surda                         surd
surdo                         surd
surdos                        surd
surf                          surf
surfam                        surf
surfar                        surf
surfe                         surf
surfista                      surfist
surfistas                     surfist
surge                         surg
surgem                        surg
surgia                        surg
surgiam                       surg
surgido                       surg
surgimento                    surgiment
surgindo                      surg
surgir                        surg
surgira'                      surg
surgiram                      surg
surgira~o                     surg
surgisse                      surg
surgiu                        surg
suriname                      surinam
surja                         surj
surjam                        surj
surpreende                    surpreend
surpreendem                   surpreend
surpreendendo                 surpreend
surpreendente                 surpreendent
surpreendentemente            surpreendent
surpreendentes                surpreendent
surpreender                   surpreend
surpreendeu                   surpreend
surpreendida                  surpreend
surpreendidas                 surpreend
surpreendido                  surpreend
surpresa                      surpres
surpresas                     surpres
surpreso                      surpres
surpresos                     surpres
surra                         surr
surradas                      surr
surreal                       surreal
surrealismo                   surreal
surrealista                   surreal
surrealistas                  surreal
surrupiando                   surrupi
sursis                        surs
surtem                        surt
surtiam                       surt
surtir                        surt
surtiram                      surt
surtiu                        surt
surto                         surt
suruagy                       suruagy
suruba                        surub
survival                      survival
surviving                     surviving
sus                           sus
susanna                       susann
susanne                       susann
susbstituindo                 susbstitu
suscetibilidades              suscetibil
susceti'veis                  susceti'v
susceti'vel                   suscet
suscitam                      suscit
suscitar                      suscit
suscitaram                    suscit
suspeic,a~o                   suspeic,a~
suspeita                      suspeit
suspeitam                     suspeit
suspeitaram                   suspeit
suspeitas                     suspeit
suspeitasse                   suspeit
suspeitava                    suspeit
suspeiti'ssimas               suspeiti'ssim
suspeito                      suspeit
suspeitos                     suspeit
suspeitou                     suspeit
suspende                      suspend
suspendendo                   suspend
suspender                     suspend
suspenderiam                  suspend
suspendeu                     suspend
suspensa                      suspens
suspensa~o                    suspensa~
suspense                      suspens
suspenso                      suspens
suspensos                     suspens
suspira                       susp
suspiravam                    suspir
susskind                      susskind
sustenta                      sustent
sustentac,a~o                 sustent
sustentada                    sustent
sustentado                    sustent
sustentados                   sustent
sustentam                     sustent
sustentar                     sustent
sustentasse                   sustent
sustentava                    sustent
sustentavam                   sustent
sustenta'veis                 sustent
sustento                      sustent
sustentou                     sustent
susto                         sust
sustos                        sust
sutia~                        sutia~
sutia~s                       sutia~s
sutil                         sutil
sutilezas                     sutil
sutilmente                    sutil
sutis                         sut
suvenires                     suven
suzana                        suzan
suzanna                       suzann
suzano                        suzan
suzerley                      suzerley
suzuki                        suzuk
suzy                          suzy
sw                            sw
swissair                      swissa
swissbank                     swissbank
sydney                        sydney
sylviane                      sylvian
synval                        synval
system                        system
szabo'                        szab
szpilman                      szpilman
szwarc                        szwarc
t                             t
ta'                           ta'
tabacaria                     tabac
tabaco                        tabac
tabela                        tabel
tabelas                       tabel
tabelia~                      tabelia~
tabelia~es                    tabelia~
tabelia~o                     tabelia~
tabelinha                     tabelinh
tabelionato                   tabelionat
tablado                       tabl
tablados                      tabl
tablo'ide                     tablo'id
tabo                          tab
tabu                          tabu
ta'buas                       ta'bu
tabulac,o~es                  tabul
tabuleiro                     tabuleir
tabus                         tabus
tabwin                        tabwin
tac,a                         tac
tacada                        tac
tac,as                        tac
tachados                      tach
taco                          tac
tadeu                         tad
taft                          taft
tag                           tag
tagarela                      tagarel
tageszeitung                  tageszeitung
tagliaferro                   tagliaferr
tahoe                         taho
tai'                          tai'
taiga                         taig
tailande^s                    tailande^s
tailandesa                    tailandes
tailandesas                   tailandes
tailandeses                   tailandes
taila^ndia                    taila^nd
taille                        taill
tailleur                      tailleur
taiogan                       taiogan
taipa                         taip
tais                          tais
tai's                         tai's
taiti                         tait
taiwan                        taiwan
taj                           taj
takanori                      takanor
takarazuka                    takarazuk
tal                           tal
tala~o                        tala~
talavera                      talav
talent                        talent
talento                       talent
talentos                      talent
talentosa                     talent
talhada                       talh
talheres                      talh
talisma~                      talisma~
talk                          talk
talquinho                     talquinh
talvez                        talvez
tam                           tam
tamanha                       tamanh
tamanho                       tamanh
tamanhos                      tamanh
tamar                         tam
tamara                        tam
tambaqui                      tambaqu
tambe'm                       tambe'm
tambolato                     tambolat
tambor                        tambor
tambores                      tambor
tamburello                    tamburell
tambus                        tambus
ta^misa                       ta^mis
tampa                         tamp
tampa~o                       tampa~
tampouco                      tampouc
tanaka                        tanak
tancinha                      tancinh
tancredo                      tancred
tande                         tand
tanghe                        tangh
tangi'vel                     tangi'vel
tango                         tang
tania                         tan
ta^nia                        ta^n
tanis                         tan
tanner                        tann
tanque                        tanqu
tanques                       tanqu
tanta                         tant
tantas                        tant
tanto                         tant
tantos                        tant
ta~o                          ta~
tapa                          tap
tapados                       tap
tapar                         tap
tapas                         tap
tapera                        tap
taperilla                     taperill
taperoa'                      tapero
tapete                        tapet
tapetes                       tapet
tapumes                       tapum
taquicardia                   taquicard
taquipsiquismo                taquipsiqu
taras                         tar
tarauaca'                     tarauac
tarcisinho                    tarcisinh
tarci'sio                     tarci'si
tarda                         tard
tarde                         tard
tardelli                      tardell
tardes                        tard
tardia                        tard
tardiamente                   tardi
tardinha                      tardinh
tardou                        tard
tarefa                        taref
tarefas                       taref
tarifa                        tarif
tarifa'ria                    tarifa'r
tarifas                       tarif
tarimbados                    tarimb
tarja                         tarj
tarjas                        tarj
tarsila                       tarsil
tarso                         tars
tartari                       tartar
tartaruga                     tartarug
tartarugas                    tartarug
task                          task
tasso                         tass
tatiana                       tatian
ta'tica                       ta'tic
ta'ticas                      ta'tic
tato                          tat
tatu                          tatu
tatuape'                      tatuap
tauride                       taurid
taurus                        taurus
tavares                       tav
ta'vola                       ta'vol
taxa                          tax
taxas                         tax
taxativa                      taxat
ta'xi                         ta'x
taxista                       taxist
taxistas                      taxist
taylor                        taylor
tce                           tce
tchan                         tchan
tchau                         tchau
tchun                         tchun
tchururuchu                   tchururuchu
tdc                           tdc
te                            te
te^                           te^
tea                           tea
team                          team
teares                        tear
tease                         teas
teatrais                      teatr
teatral                       teatral
teatro                        teatr
teatro'logo                   teatro'log
teatros                       teatr
tecelagem                     tecelag
tecendo                       tec
tech                          tech
techno                        techn
technology                    technology
tecido                        tec
tecidos                       tec
te'cio                        te'ci
tecla                         tecl
teclado                       tecl
te'cnica                      te'cnic
tecnicamente                  tecnic
te'cnicas                     te'cnic
te'cnico                      te'cnic
te'cnicos                     te'cnic
tecnocratas                   tecnocrat
tecnologia                    tecnolog
tecnologias                   tecnolog
tecnolo'gica                  tecnolo'g
tecnologicamente              tecnolog
tecnolo'gicas                 tecnolo'g
tecnolo'gico                  tecnolo'g
tecnolo'gicos                 tecnolo'g
ted                           ted
te'dio                        te'di
tediosa                       tedios
teemsters                     teemsters
teen                          teen
teens                         teens
tefe'                         tef
teimando                      teim
teimar                        teim
teimoso                       teimos
teipe                         teip
teixeira                      teixeir
tejo                          tej
tel                           tel
tela                          tel
tela~o                        tela~
telas                         tel
telbra's                      telbra's
telebra's                     telebra's
teleceara'                    telec
te'le'com                     te'le'com
telecomunicac,a~o             telecomunic
telecomunicac,o~es            telecomunic
teleconfere^ncia              teleconferent
telecurso                     telecurs
teledramaturgia               teledramaturg
telefe                        telef
telefe'rico                   telefe'r
telefonado                    telefon
telefonando                   telefon
telefonar                     telefon
telefonaram                   telefon
telefone                      telefon
telefonei                     telefon
telefonema                    telefonem
telefonemas                   telefonem
telefones                     telefon
telefonia                     telefon
telefo^nica                   telefo^n
telefo^nicas                  telefo^n
telefo^nico                   telefo^n
telefo^nicos                  telefo^n
telefono                      telefon
telefonou                     telefon
telegra'fico                  telegra'f
tele'grafo                    tele'graf
telegramas                    telegram
telegraph                     telegraph
telejornais                   telejorn
telejornal                    telejornal
telemarketing                 telemarketing
telemig                       telemig
telenovela                    telenovel
telepar                       telep
telepata                      telepat
telepatia                     telepat
telephony                     telephony
telerj                        telerj
telesc                        telesc
telesco'pios                  telesco'pi
telesp                        telesp
telespectadores               telespect
televisa                      televis
televisa~o                    televisa~
televisiva                    televis
televisivo                    televis
televiso~es                   televiso~
televisores                   televisor
telex                         telex
telhado                       telh
telhas                        telh
telinha                       telinh
telma                         telm
telmo                         telm
telo~es                       telo~
telpe                         telp
tels                          tels
tem                           tem
te^m                          te^m
tema                          tem
temas                         tem
tematicamente                 temat
tema'ticas                    tema't
tema'tico                     tema't
teme                          tem
temem                         tem
temendo                       tem
temer                         tem
temeram                       tem
temerosa                      temer
temeu                         tem
temia                         tem
temiam                        tem
temida                        tem
temidas                       tem
temido                        tem
temidos                       tem
temor                         temor
temores                       temor
temos                         tem
te^mpera                      te^mp
temperada                     temper
temperado                     temper
temperamentais                temperament
temperamental                 temperamental
temperamento                  temper
temperamentos                 temper
temperanc,a                   temperanc
temperatura                   temperatur
temperaturas                  temperatur
tempero                       temper
temperos                      temper
tempestade                    tempestad
tempestades                   tempestad
tempestuosas                  tempestu
tempinho                      tempinh
templo                        templ
templos                       templ
tempo                         temp
temporada                     tempor
temporadas                    tempor
temporal                      temporal
tempora'rio                   tempora'ri
te^mporas                     te^mpor
tempos                        temp
tempra                        tempr
tenacidade                    tenac
tenda                         tend
tendam                        tend
tenda~o                       tenda~
tende                         tend
tendem                        tend
tende^ncia                    tende^nc
tende^ncias                   tende^nc
tendenciosa                   tendenc
tendendo                      tend
tenderia                      tend
tendo                         tend
tenebroso                     tenebr
tenente                       tenent
tenentezinha                  tenentezinh
tenha                         tenh
tenham                        tenh
tenhamos                      tenh
tenho                         tenh
te^nis                        te^n
tenista                       tenist
tenistas                      tenist
tennessee                     tennesse
tenor                         tenor
teno'rio                      teno'ri
tenros                        tenr
tensa                         tens
tensa~o                       tensa~
tensas                        tens
tenso                         tens
tenso~es                      tenso~
tensos                        tens
tenta                         tent
tentac,a~o                    tentac,a~
tentac,o~es                   tentac,o~
tenta'culos                   tenta'cul
tentado                       tent
tentados                      tent
tentam                        tent
tentamos                      tent
tentando                      tent
tentar                        tent
tentara'                      tent
tentaram                      tent
tentaria                      tent
tentativa                     tentat
tentativas                    tentat
tentava                       tent
tentavam                      tent
tente                         tent
tentei                        tent
tentem                        tent
tento                         tent
tentou                        tent
te^nues                       te^nu
teobaldo                      teobald
teodoro                       teodor
teo'filo                      teo'fil
teologia                      teolog
teolo'gica                    teolo'g
teo'logos                     teo'log
teor                          teor
teoria                        teor
teorias                       teor
teoricamente                  teoric
teo'rico                      teo'ric
teo'ricos                     teo'ric
teoriza                       teoriz
tequila                       tequil
ter                           ter
tera'                         ter
tera~o                        tera~
terapeuta                     terapeut
terapeutas                    terapeut
terape^utica                  terape^ut
terape^uticas                 terape^ut
terape^utico                  terape^ut
terape^uticos                 terape^ut
terapia                       terap
terapias                      terap
terc,a                        terc
terc,as                       terc
terceira                      terceir
terceirizados                 terceiriz
terceiro                      terceir
terceiros                     terceir
terc,o                        terc
terc,os                       terc
terei                         ter
terem                         ter
teremos                       ter
terere^                       terer
teresa                        teres
teresinha                     teresinh
tereso                        teres
tereso'polis                  tereso'pol
tereza                        terez
teria                         ter
teriam                        ter
teri'amos                     ter
termais                       term
te'rmica                      te'rmic
termina                       termin
terminac,a~o                  termin
terminac,o~es                 termin
terminada                     termin
terminado                     termin
terminal                      terminal
terminam                      termin
terminamos                    termin
terminando                    termin
terminar                      termin
terminara'                    termin
terminaram                    termin
terminaria                    termin
terminava                     termin
terminavam                    termin
termine                       termin
te'rmino                      te'rmin
terminou                      termin
termo                         term
termo^metro                   termo^metr
termos                        term
terno                         tern
ternos                        tern
terra                         terr
terras                        terr
terrasul                      terrasul
terre                         terr
te'rrea                       te'rr
terreiro                      terreir
terreiros                     terreir
terremoto                     terremot
terremotos                    terremot
terrence                      terrenc
terreno                       terren
terrenos                      terren
te'rreo                       te'rr
terrestre                     terrestr
terrestres                    terrestr
terrible                      terribl
terrinha                      terrinh
territoriais                  territori
territorial                   territorial
territo'rio                   territo'ri
territo'rios                  territo'ri
terri'veis                    terri'v
terri'vel                     terri'vel
terror                        terror
terrorismo                    terror
terrorista                    terror
terroristas                   terror
tesa~o                        tesa~
tese                          tes
teses                         tes
teske                         tesk
tesoura                       tesour
tesouradas                    tesour
tesouraria                    tesour
tesoureiro                    tesoureir
tesouro                       tesour
tesouros                      tesour
tessituras                    tessitur
testa                         test
testada                       test
testadas                      test
testado                       test
testados                      test
testam                        test
testamento                    testament
testando                      test
testar                        test
testaram                      test
testarossa                    testaross
teste                         test
testei                        test
testemunha                    testemunh
testemunhada                  testemunh
testemunhado                  testemunh
testemunham                   testemunh
testemunhar                   testemunh
testemunhas                   testemunh
testemunho                    testemunh
testemunhos                   testemunh
testes                        test
testi'culos                   testi'cul
testosterona                  testosteron
testou                        test
teto                          tet
tetraple'gica                 tetraple'g
tetraple'gico                 tetraple'g
tetraple'gicos                tetraple'g
te'trico                      te'tric
teu                           teu
teve                          tev
teve^                         tev
teve^s                        teve^s
texas                         tex
te^xteis                      te^xt
te^xtil                       te^xtil
texto                         text
textos                        text
textualmente                  textual
textura                       textur
tgerstedt                     tgerstedt
thai's                        thai's
thales                        thal
thalita                       thalit
thamires                      tham
thatcher                      thatch
the                           the
theatre                       theatr
theatro                       theatr
thelma                        thelm
them                          them
there                         ther
thereza                       therez
thiago                        thiag
thomas                        thom
thomaz                        thomaz
thomazini                     thomazin
thome'                        thom
thomson                       thomson
thury                         thury
tia                           tia
tiago                         tiag
tia~o                         tia~
tias                          tias
tibetanas                     tibetan
tibetano                      tibetan
tibetanos                     tibetan
tibete                        tibet
ti'bia                        ti'b
tico                          tic
tida                          tid
tidas                         tid
tido                          tid
tidos                         tid
tie                           tie
tigre                         tigr
tigres                        tigr
tijolinhos                    tijolinh
tijolo                        tijol
tijolos                       tijol
tijuca                        tijuc
tijuco                        tijuc
tila'pias                     tila'p
tilintam                      tilint
tilintar                      tilint
tim                           tim
timbre                        timbr
timbuctu                      timbuctu
time                          tim
timerman                      timerman
times                         tim
ti'mida                       ti'm
timidez                       timidez
ti'mido                       ti'm
ti'midos                      ti'm
timoneiro                     timoneir
timothy                       timothy
ting                          ting
tinha                         tinh
tinham                        tinh
ti'nhamos                     ti'nh
tinja                         tinj
tino                          tin
tinta                         tint
tintas                        tint
tinto                         tint
tintos                        tint
tintura                       tintur
tinturaria                    tintur
tinturas                      tintur
tio                           tio
tios                          tios
ti'pica                       ti'pic
tipicamente                   tipic
ti'picas                      ti'pic
ti'pico                       ti'pic
ti'picos                      ti'pic
tipo                          tip
tipos                         tip
tiques                        tiqu
tira                          tir
tira'                         tir
tiracolo                      tiracol
tirada                        tir
tiradas                       tir
tiradentes                    tiradent
tirado                        tir
tirados                       tir
tiragem                       tirag
tiragens                      tiragens
tiram                         tir
tiramos                       tir
tirando                       tir
tira^nicas                    tira^n
tiranossauro                  tiranossaur
tirar                         tir
tiraram                       tir
tiraria                       tir
tirariam                      tir
tirasse                       tir
tirava                        tir
tire                          tir
tirei                         tir
tirinhas                      tirinh
tirinhos                      tirinh
tiro                          tir
tirombac,o                    tirombac
tiros                         tir
tiroteio                      tirotei
tirou                         tir
tito                          tit
titubear                      titub
titular                       titul
titulares                     titul
ti'tulo                       ti'tul
ti'tulos                      ti'tul
tive                          tiv
tivemos                       tiv
tiver                         tiv
tivera                        tiv
tiveram                       tiv
tiverem                       tiv
tivermos                      tiv
tivesse                       tiv
tivessem                      tiv
tive'ssemos                   tive'ss
tj                            tj
tjurs                         tjurs
tnt                           tnt
to                            to
to^                           to^
toa                           toa
toalha                        toalh
toalhas                       toalh
tobago                        tobag
toca                          toc
toca'                         toc
tocadas                       toc
tocado                        toc
tocados                       toc
tocaia                        toca
tocamos                       toc
tocando                       toc
tocantins                     tocantins
tocar                         toc
tocaria                       toc
tocasse                       toc
tocava                        toc
tocavam                       toc
tocou                         toc
toda                          tod
todas                         tod
todavia                       todav
today                         today
todo                          tod
todos                         tod
tofranil                      tofranil
toga                          tog
tognini                       tognin
togo                          tog
to'im                         to'im
tokyo                         toky
tolamente                     tol
toledo                        toled
tolera                        tol
tolerada                      toler
tolera^ncia                   tolera^nc
tolerante                     tolerant
tolerar                       toler
tolera'veis                   toler
tolice                        tolic
tolices                       tolic
tolo                          tol
tolos                         tol
tolsto'i                      tolsto'
tom                           tom
toma                          tom
toma'                         tom
tomada                        tom
tomadas                       tom
tomado                        tom
tomador                       tomador
tomados                       tom
tomam                         tom
tomamos                       tom
tomando                       tom
tomar                         tom
tomara                        tom
tomaram                       tom
tomara~o                      tom
tomaria                       tom
toma's                        toma's
tomaselli                     tomasell
tomasko                       tomask
tomaskos                      tomask
tomasse                       tom
tomate                        tomat
tomates                       tomat
tomava                        tom
tomavam                       tom
tomaz                         tomaz
tombadas                      tomb
tombado                       tomb
tombados                      tomb
tombamento                    tombament
tombaram                      tomb
tombara~o                     tomb
tombo                         tomb
tombolato                     tombolat
tombou                        tomb
tome                          tom
tome'                         tom
tomei                         tom
tomilho                       tomilh
tommy                         tommy
tomo                          tom
tomografia                    tomograf
tomografias                   tomograf
tomogra'ficas                 tomogra'f
tomou                         tom
tona                          ton
tonalidade                    tonal
tone'is                       ton
tonelada                      tonel
toneladas                     tonel
tonho                         tonh
to^nia                        to^n
to^nica                       to^nic
toninho                       toninh
tonitruar                     tonitru
tons                          tons
tonteiras                     tonteir
tonto                         tont
tony                          tony
top                           top
topa                          top
topar                         top
toparam                       top
topava                        top
topa'zio                      topa'zi
topbooks                      topbooks
tope                          top
topei                         top
topete                        topet
topetuda                      topetud
to'picas                      to'pic
to'pico                       to'pic
to'picos                      to'pic
topo                          top
topou                         top
tops                          tops
toque                         toqu
toques                        toqu
to'quio                       to'qui
tora'                         tor
toras                         tor
to'rax                        to'rax
torc,am                       torc
torc,a~o                      torc,a~
torce                         torc
torcedor                      torcedor
torcedora                     torcedor
torcedores                    torcedor
torcem                        torc
torcer                        torc
torcida                       torc
torcidas                      torc
tormento                      torment
torna                         torn
torna'                        torn
tornado                       torn
tornam                        torn
tornando                      torn
tornar                        torn
tornara                       torn
tornara'                      torn
tornaram                      torn
tornarem                      torn
tornaria                      torn
tornasse                      torn
tornava                       torn
torne                         torn
torneado                      torn
tornear                       torn
tornei                        torn
torneio                       tornei
torneios                      tornei
torneira                      torneir
torneirinhas                  torneirinh
tornem                        torn
torno                         torn
tornou                        torn
tornozelo                     tornozel
torpedear                     torped
torpes                        torp
torra                         torr
torrados                      torr
torram                        torr
torrar                        torr
torrava                       torr
torre                         torr
torrefac,a~o                  torref
torrenciais                   torrenc
torres                        torr
to'rrido                      to'rr
torso                         tors
torta                         tort
torto                         tort
tortos                        tort
tortura                       tortur
torturador                    tortur
torturadores                  tortur
torturados                    tortur
torturar                      tortur
torturavam                    tortur
torturou                      tortur
tos                           tos
tosca                         tosc
toscana                       toscan
toscano                       toscan
toscas                        tosc
toscos                        tosc
toshiba                       toshib
tosse                         toss
tossindo                      toss
tosta~o                       tosta~
totais                        tot
total                         total
totalita'ria                  totalita'r
totalizando                   totaliz
totalmente                    total
totem                         tot
tottenham                     tottenh
touca                         touc
tour                          tour
tours                         tours
tourtois                      tourto
toviassu'                     toviassu'
towers                        towers
towner                        town
to'xicas                      to'xic
toxicidade                    toxic
toxicologia                   toxicolog
toxicologista                 toxicolog
to'xicos                      to'xic
toyota                        toyot
toys                          toys
trabaia'                      trabai
trabalha                      trabalh
trabalhadas                   trabalh
trabalhado                    trabalh
trabalhador                   trabalh
trabalhadora                  trabalh
trabalhadores                 trabalh
trabalhados                   trabalh
trabalham                     trabalh
trabalhamos                   trabalh
trabalhando                   trabalh
trabalha~o                    trabalha~
trabalhar                     trabalh
trabalhara                    trabalh
trabalharam                   trabalh
trabalharem                   trabalh
trabalhassem                  trabalh
trabalhava                    trabalh
trabalhavam                   trabalh
trabalhe                      trabalh
trabalhei                     trabalh
trabalhem                     trabalh
trabalhista                   trabalh
trabalhistas                  trabalh
trabalho                      trabalh
trabalhos                     trabalh
trabalhou                     trabalh
trac,a                        trac
trac,ada                      trac
trac,ando                     trac
trac,a~o                      trac,a~
trac,ar                       trac
track                         track
trac,o                        trac
trac,os                       trac
trac,ou                       trac
trade                         trad
tradic,a~o                    tradic,a~
tradicionais                  tradicion
tradicional                   tradicional
tradicionalmente              tradicional
tradicionalmentese            tradicionalmentes
tradic,o~es                   tradic,o~
tradist                       tradist
traduc,a~o                    traduc,a~
traduc,o~es                   traduc,o~
tradutor                      tradutor
tradutora                     tradutor
traduz                        traduz
traduzem                      traduz
traduzidas                    traduz
traduzido                     traduz
traduzidos                    traduz
traduzindo                    traduz
traduzir                      traduz
traduziu                      traduz
traem                         tra
trafega                       trafeg
trafegam                      trafeg
trafegar                      trafeg
trafegava                     trafeg
tra'fego                      tra'feg
traficante                    traficant
traficantes                   traficant
tra'fico                      tra'fic
trafiquei                     trafiqu
traga                         trag
tragadas                      trag
tragado                       trag
tragados                      trag
tragam                        trag
tragar                        trag
trage'dia                     trage'd
trage'dias                    trage'd
tra'gica                      tra'gic
tragicamente                  tragic
tragicidade                   tragic
tra'gico                      tra'gic
tragico^mica                  tragico^m
trai                          tra
trai'                         tra
traia                         tra
trai'a                        trai'
traiam                        tra
traic,a~o                     traic,a~
trai'do                       trai'd
traidor                       traidor
train                         train
traindo                       tra
trainer                       train
trainner                      trainn
trair                         tra
trai'ra                       trai'r
trai'ram                      trai'r
trajada                       traj
trajado                       traj
trajando                      traj
traje                         traj
trajes                        traj
trajeto                       trajet
trajeto'ria                   trajeto'r
trama                         tram
tramar                        tram
tramita                       tramit
tramitac,a~o                  tramit
tramitavam                    tramit
tra^mite                      tra^mit
tramitou                      tramit
tramo'ia                      tramo'
tramou                        tram
trampolim                     trampolim
tranca                        tranc
trancada                      tranc
trancado                      tranc
tranc,ado                     tranc
trancados                     tranc
trancafiados                  trancafi
trancar                       tranc
trancas                       tranc
trancinhas                    trancinh
tranco                        tranc
trancos                       tranc
trancou                       tranc
tranquila                     tranquil
tranqu"ila                    tranqu"il
tranquilamente                tranquil
tranqu"ilamente               tranqu"il
tranquilas                    tranquil
tranquilidade                 tranquil
tranqu"ilidade                tranqu"il
tranqu"ilizador               tranqu"iliz
tranquilizante                tranquilizant
tranqu"ilizante               tranqu"ilizant
tranquilizantes               tranquilizant
tranquilizar                  tranquiliz
tranquilizaram                tranquiliz
tranquilo                     tranquil
tranqu"ilo                    tranqu"il
tranquilos                    tranquil
transa                        trans
transac,a~o                   transac,a~
transac,o~es                  transac,o~
transado                      trans
transam                       trans
transamazo^nica               transamazo^n
transamos                     trans
transando                     trans
transar                       trans
transas                       trans
transasse                     trans
transatla^ntico               transatla^nt
transava                      trans
transavam                     trans
transborda                    transbord
transbordasse                 transbord
transbordou                   transbord
transbrasil                   transbrasil
transcorreram                 transcorr
transcreve                    transcrev
transe                        trans
transei                       trans
transeunte                    transeunt
transexual                    transexual
transexualismo                transexual
transfere                     transfer
transferem                    transf
transfere^ncia                transferent
transferida                   transfer
transferidas                  transfer
transferido                   transfer
transferidos                  transfer
transferindo                  transfer
transferir                    transfer
transferissem                 transfer
transferiu                    transfer
transforma                    transform
transforma'                   transform
transformac,a~o               transform
transformac,o~es              transform
transformada                  transform
transformado                  transform
transformador                 transform
transformadora                transform
transformados                 transform
transformam                   transform
transformando                 transform
transformar                   transform
transformaram                 transform
transformaria                 transform
transformasse                 transform
transformavam                 transform
transforme                    transform
transformou                   transform
transfusa~o                   transfusa~
transgredir                   transgred
transgressa~o                 transgressa~
transgressores                transgressor
transgride                    transgrid
transic,a~o                   transic,a~
transic,o~es                  transic,o~
transita                      transit
tra^nsito                     tra^nsit
transito'ria                  transito'r
translados                    transl
translu'cido                  translu'c
transmissa~o                  transmissa~
transmissi'veis               transmissi'v
transmissi'vel                transmiss
transmisso~es                 transmisso~
transmissores                 transmissor
transmite                     transmit
transmitida                   transmit
transmitidas                  transmit
transmitido                   transmit
transmitidos                  transmit
transmitir                    transmit
transmitira~o                 transmit
transmutac,a~o                transmut
transmutar                    transmut
transnacionais                transnacion
transnacional                 transnacional
transnordestina               transnordestin
transo                        trans
transou                       trans
transparece                   transparec
transpare^ncia                transparent
transparente                  transparent
transparentes                 transparent
transpirac,a~o                transpir
transpondo                    transpond
transporta                    transport
transportada                  transport
transportadora                transport
transportadores               transport
transportam                   transport
transportando                 transport
transportar                   transport
transportaram                 transport
transporte                    transport
transportes                   transport
transposta                    transpost
transtornado                  transtorn
transtorno                    transtorn
transtornos                   transtorn
trapalhada                    trapalh
trapalhadas                   trapalh
trape'zio                     trape'zi
traquejo                      traquej
traquinagem                   traquinag
trara'                        trar
traria                        trar
trariam                       trar
tra's                         tra's
traseira                      traseir
traseiro                      traseir
traseiros                     traseir
traslado                      trasl
trata                         trat
trata'                        trat
tratada                       trat
tratadas                      trat
tratado                       trat
tratadores                    tratador
tratados                      trat
tratam                        trat
tratamento                    tratament
tratamentos                   tratament
tratamos                      trat
tratando                      trat
tratar                        trat
trataram                      trat
tratarmos                     trat
tratasse                      trat
tratava                       trat
tratavam                      trat
trate                         trat
tratei                        trat
tratem                        trat
trato                         trat
trator                        trator
tratores                      trator
tratou                        trat
trauma                        traum
traumann                      traumann
traumas                       traum
trauma'tica                   trauma't
trauma'tico                   trauma't
traumatismo                   traumat
traumatizado                  traumatiz
traumatizantes                traumatizant
traumatizou                   traumatiz
trava                         trav
travada                       trav
travadas                      trav
travado                       trav
travam                        trav
travar                        trav
travas                        trav
trave                         trav
travei                        trav
travel                        travel
travessura                    travessur
travesti                      travest
travestis                     travest
travolta                      travolt
travou                        trav
traz                          traz
traze^                        traz
trazem                        traz
trazendo                      traz
trazer                        traz
trazia                        traz
traziam                       traz
trazida                       traz
trazidas                      traz
trazido                       traz
trazidos                      traz
tre                           tre
treatment                     treatment
trecho                        trech
trechos                       trech
trefil                        trefil
treina                        trein
treinada                      trein
treinadas                     trein
treinado                      trein
treinador                     treinador
treinadora                    treinador
treinadores                   treinador
treinados                     trein
treinamento                   treinament
treinamentos                  treinament
treinando                     trein
treinar                       trein
treinava                      trein
treino                        trein
treinos                       trein
trejeitos                     trejeit
trem                          trem
tremedeira                    tremedeir
tremeliques                   tremeliqu
tremem                        trem
tremenda                      tremend
tremendo                      trem
tremendos                     tremend
tremer                        trem
tremia                        trem
tremiam                       trem
tremor                        tremor
tremores                      tremor
tremularam                    tremul
trench                        trench
trends                        trends
trens                         trens
trepidante                    trepidant
tre'plica                     tre'plic
tre^s                         tre^s
tre'sor                       tre'sor
trevisan                      trevisan
trez                          trez
treze                         trez
tri                           tri
triagem                       triag
tria^ngulo                    tria^ngul
triathlon                     triathlon
tribal                        tribal
tribo                         trib
tribos                        trib
tribuna                       tribun
tribunais                     tribun
tribunal                      tribunal
tributac,a~o                  tribut
tricampea~                    tricampea~
tridimensional                tridimensional
trie^nios                     trie^ni
trige^meos                    trige^m
trigo                         trig
trilha                        trilh
trilha'                       trilh
trilhado                      trilh
trilhados                     trilh
trilhando                     trilh
trilha~o                      trilha~
trilho~es                     trilho~
trilione'simo                 trilione'sim
trilogia                      trilog
trimestre                     trimestr
trinados                      trin
trincheiras                   trincheir
trindade                      trindad
trinidad                      trinidad
trinta                        trint
trio                          tri
tripanosoma                   tripanosom
tripla                        tripl
triplicados                   triplic
triplicar                     triplic
triplicou                     triplic
triplos                       tripl
tripoli                       tripol
tripudiam                     tripud
tripulac,a~o                  tripul
tripulac,o~es                 tripul
tripulada                     tripul
tripulante                    tripulant
tripulantes                   tripulant
trista~o                      trista~
triste                        trist
tristemente                   tristement
tristes                       trist
tristeza                      tristez
tristezas                     tristez
tristi'ssimas                 tristi'ssim
triunfado                     triunf
triunfalismo                  triunfal
triunfante                    triunfant
triunfar                      triunf
triunfo                       triunf
triunfos                      triunf
troca                         troc
trocada                       troc
trocadas                      troc
trocado                       troc
trocados                      troc
trocam                        troc
trocamos                      troc
trocando                      troc
trocar                        troc
trocaram                      troc
trocaria                      troc
trocas                        troc
trocasse                      troc
trocava                       troc
trocavam                      troc
trocentos                     trocent
troco                         troc
troc,o                        troc
trocou                        troc
trofe'u                       trofe'u
trofe'us                      trofe'us
tro'ia                        tro'
tro'ica                       tro'ic
trombada                      tromb
trombadinhas                  trombadinh
trombados                     tromb
trombeta                      trombet
trombeteia                    trombet
trombeteou                    trombet
trombina                      trombin
trombose                      trombos
trombou                       tromb
trompas                       tromp
trompetista                   trompet
troncos                       tronc
trono                         tron
tropa                         trop
tropas                        trop
tropec,os                     tropec
tropec,ou                     tropec
tropicais                     tropic
tropical                      tropical
tropicalismo                  tropical
tropicar                      tropic
tro'picos                     tro'pic
troque                        troqu
troquei                       troqu
trotskistas                   trotskist
trouxe                        troux
trouxera                      troux
trouxeram                     troux
trouxesse                     troux
trova~o                       trova~
truculenta                    truculent
truculento                    truculent
truculentos                   truculent
truncamentos                  truncament
trunfo                        trunf
trunfos                       trunf
trupe                         trup
truque                        truqu
truques                       truqu
trutas                        trut
try                           try
tse'                          tse'
tserete                       tseret
tsibliiev                     tsibliiev
tst                           tst
tu                            tu
tua                           tua
tuba                          tub
tubara~o                      tub
tubaro~es                     tubaro~
tuberculose                   tuberculos
tubo                          tub
tubos                         tub
tuca                          tuc
tucana                        tucan
tucanato                      tucanat
tucano                        tucan
tucanos                       tucan
tucows                        tucows
tudo                          tud
tufi                          tuf
tu'lio                        tu'li
tulli                         tull
tullio                        tulli
tuma                          tum
tumavam                       tum
tumba                         tumb
tumor                         tumor
tumores                       tumor
tu'mulo                       tu'mul
tumultuada                    tumultu
tumultuado                    tumultu
tumultuar                     tumultu
tu'neis                       tu'n
tu'nel                        tu'nel
tung                          tung
tunga                         tung
tungando                      tung
tunisianos                    tunisian
tupi                          tup
tupinamba'                    tupinamb
tupiniquim                    tupiniquim
tupiniquins                   tupiniquins
turandot                      turandot
turano                        turan
turbantes                     turbant
turbilha~o                    turbilha~
turbina                       turbin
turbinar                      turbin
turboe'lice                   turboe'lic
turboe'lices                  turboe'lic
turbule^ncia                  turbulent
turbule^ncias                 turbulent
turbulento                    turbulent
turca                         turc
turco                         turc
turcos                        turc
turfe                         turf
turibio                       turibi
turismo                       turism
turista                       turist
turistas                      turist
turi'stica                    turi'st
turi'sticas                   turi'st
turi'stico                    turi'st
turi'sticos                   turi'st
turma                         turm
turmas                        turm
turminha                      turminh
turne^                        turn
turner                        turn
turno                         turn
turnos                        turn
turquesa                      turques
turquia                       turqu
turvo                         turv
tutela                        tutel
tutti                         tutt
tv                            tv
tva                           tva
twa                           twa
tyron                         tyron
tyson                         tyson
u                             u
uau                           uau
ub                            ub
ubaldo                        ubald
uberaba                       uberab
uberla^ndia                   uberla^nd
ubirajara                     ubiraj
uchoa                         ucho
ucla                          ucla
ud                            ud
ude                           ude
ue'                           ue'
uerj                          uerj
ufmg                          ufmg
ufo                           ufo
ufologia                      ufolog
ufolo'gica                    ufolo'g
ufolo'gico                    ufolo'g
ufo'logo                      ufo'log
ufo'logos                     ufo'log
ufos                          ufos
ufpe                          ufpe
ufrj                          ufrj
uh                            uh
uhf                           uhf
ui'sque                       ui'squ
uisquinho                     uisquinh
uivar                         uiv
uivo                          uiv
ulan                          ulan
u'lcera                       u'lcer
u'lceras                      u'lcer
ulisses                       uliss
ulrich                        ulrich
ultima                        ultim
u'ltima                       u'ltim
ultimamente                   ultim
u'ltimas                      u'ltim
u'ltimo                       u'ltim
u'ltimos                      u'ltim
ultra                         ultra
ultradiet                     ultradiet
ultraje                       ultraj
ultralar                      ultral
ultramodernos                 ultramodern
ultrapassa                    ultrapass
ultrapassadi'ssima            ultrapassadi'ssim
ultrapassado                  ultrapass
ultrapassagem                 ultrapassag
ultrapassar                   ultrapass
ultrapassara                  ultrapass
ultrapassara'                 ultrapass
ultrapassaram                 ultrapass
ultrapassava                  ultrapass
ultrapassavam                 ultrapass
ultrapassou                   ultrapass
ultratradicionalista          ultratradicional
ulysses                       ulysses
um                            um
uma                           uma
umas                          umas
umbanda                       umband
umbandista                    umband
umbundo                       umbund
u'mero                        u'mer
umidade                       umidad
u'midas                       u'mid
umidificada                   umidific
unai'                         una
una^nime                      una^nim
una^nimes                     una^nim
unanimidade                   unanim
une                           une
unem                          unem
unesco                        unesc
unesp                         unesp
unfucked                      unfucked
ungido                        ungid
ungidos                       ungid
unha                          unha
unhas                         unhas
unhazinha                     unhazinh
uni                           uni
uniac,o~es                    uniac,o~
uniad                         uniad
unia~o                        unia~
unibanco                      unibanc
u'nica                        u'nic
unicamp                       unicamp
u'nicas                       u'nic
unicef                        unicef
u'nico                        u'nic
u'nicos                       u'nic
unida                         unid
unidade                       unidad
unidades                      unidad
unidas                        unid
unido                         unid
unidos                        unid
unificac,a~o                  unific
unificada                     unific
unificar                      unific
unificou                      unific
uniforme                      uniform
uniformemente                 uniform
unilaterais                   unilater
unilateral                    unilateral
unimes                        unim
unindo                        unind
union                         union
unir                          unir
uniram                        unir
unisc                         unisc
unita                         unit
united                        united
universal                     universal
universidade                  univers
universidades                 univers
universita'ria                universita'r
universita'rias               universita'r
universita'rio                universita'ri
universita'rios               universita'ri
universite'                   universit
university                    university
universo                      univers
unix                          unix
uno                           uno
uns                           uns
unwerth                       unwerth
uol                           uol
up                            up
upenn                         upenn
upgrade                       upgrad
upper                         upper
ups                           ups
urandir                       urand
ura^nio                       ura^ni
urbana                        urban
urbanas                       urban
urbanismo                     urban
urbanisno                     urbanisn
urbanista                     urban
urbanizac,a~o                 urbaniz
urbanizados                   urbaniz
urbanos                       urban
uretra                        uretr
urge^ncia                     urge^nc
urgente                       urgent
urgentemente                  urgent
urgentes                      urgent
uri                           uri
u'rico                        u'ric
urina                         urin
urinar                        urin
urina'ria                     urina'r
urina'rio                     urina'ri
urinoterapia                  urinoterap
urna                          urna
urnas                         urnas
urologia                      urolog
urolo'gica                    urolo'g
urologista                    urolog
urologistas                   urolog
urrava                        urrav
ursinho                       ursinh
urso                          urso
urss                          urss
urubus                        urubus
urubuzada                     urubuz
uruca^nia                     uruca^n
uruguai                       urugua
uruguaiana                    uruguaian
urutus                        urutus
us                            us
usa                           usa
usa'                          usa'
usada                         usad
usadas                        usad
usado                         usad
usados                        usad
usam                          usam
usamos                        usam
usando                        usand
usar                          usar
usaram                        usar
usarei                        usar
usarem                        usar
usarmos                       usarm
usava                         usav
usavam                        usav
usa'vamos                     usa'v
usa'vel                       usa'vel
use                           use
usei                          use
usiminas                      usimin
usina                         usin
usinas                        usin
usineiros                     usineir
uso                           uso
usos                          usos
usou                          usou
usp                           usp
usual                         usual
usua'rio                      usua'ri
usua'rios                     usua'ri
usufrui                       usufru
usufruir                      usufru
u'teis                        u'te
utensi'lios                   utensi'li
uterino                       uterin
uterinos                      uterin
u'tero                        u'ter
uti                           uti
util                          util
u'til                         u'til
utilidade                     util
utilidades                    util
utili'ssimos                  utili'ss
utilita'rio                   utilita'ri
utilita'rios                  utilita'ri
utiliza                       utiliz
utiliza'                      utiliz
utilizac,a~o                  utiliz
utilizada                     utiliz
utilizadas                    utiliz
utilizado                     utiliz
utilizados                    utiliz
utilizam                      utiliz
utilizando                    utiliz
utilizar                      utiliz
utilizaram                    utiliz
utilizara~o                   utiliz
utilize                       utiliz
utilizem                      utiliz
utilizou                      utiliz
utinati                       utinat
uto'picas                     uto'p
uto'pico                      uto'p
utopistas                     utop
uvas                          uvas
uvibra                        uvibr
uzi                           uzi
v                             v
va'                           va'
vaca                          vac
vacas                         vac
vacilou                       vacil
vacina                        vacin
vacinac,a~o                   vacin
vacinada                      vacin
vacinas                       vacin
va'cuo                        va'cu
vadia                         vad
vaga                          vag
vagabal                       vagabal
vagabundo                     vagabund
vagam                         vag
vagamente                     vag
vaga~o                        vaga~
vagar                         vag
vagarosa                      vagar
vagas                         vag
vagina                        vagin
vaginais                      vagin
vaginal                       vaginal
vagner                        vagn
vago                          vag
vago~es                       vago~
vagos                         vag
vai                           vai
vaidade                       vaidad
vaidosa                       vaidos
vaidosas                      vaidos
vaidoso                       vaidos
vaidosos                      vaidos
vainfas                       vainf
vaitsman                      vaitsman
vaive'm                       vaive'm
vala                          val
valadares                     valad
valas                         val
valcilene                     valcilen
valdeci                       valdec
valdemar                      valdem
valdenir                      valden
valderez                      valderez
valdir                        vald
vale                          val
valecom                       valecom
valecon                       valecon
valeika                       valeik
valem                         val
valenc,a                      valenc
valendo                       val
valenssa                      valenss
valente                       valent
valentia                      valent
valentim                      valentim
valentino                     valentin
valenty                       valenty
valer                         val
valera                        val
valeram                       val
valeria                       val
vale'ria                      vale'r
valeriam                      val
valery                        valery
vales                         val
valessem                      val
valeu                         val
valgone                       valgon
valha                         valh
valho                         valh
valia                         val
valiam                        val
va'lida                       va'l
validade                      validad
validados                     valid
va'lidas                      va'l
valido                        val
va'lido                       va'l
va'lidos                      va'l
valinhos                      valinh
valiosa                       valios
valiosas                      valios
valiosi'ssimas                valiosi'ssim
valise                        valis
valium                        valium
valladares                    vallad
valle                         vall
vallegrande                   vallegrand
vallegrandinos                vallegrandin
valor                         valor
valores                       valor
valoriza                      valoriz
valorizac,a~o                 valoriz
valorizada                    valoriz
valorizadas                   valoriz
valorizado                    valoriz
valorizados                   valoriz
valorizam                     valoriz
valorizando                   valoriz
valorizar                     valoriz
valorize                      valoriz
valorizou                     valoriz
valqui'ria                    valqui'r
valsa                         vals
valter                        valt
valujet                       valujet
va'lvula                      va'lvul
va'lvulas                     va'lvul
vamos                         vam
vancouver                     vancouv
vandalismo                    vandal
vanderbild                    vanderbild
vanderbilt                    vanderbilt
vandergleison                 vandergleison
vanessa                       vaness
vange                         vang
vangloriar                    vanglori
vanguarda                     vanguard
vanguardas                    vanguard
va^nia                        va^n
vanilda                       vanild
vanin                         vanin
vantagem                      vantag
vantagens                     vantagens
vantajosa                     vantaj
vantajosamente                vantaj
vantajoso                     vantaj
va~o                          va~
vapor                         vapor
vaqueiro                      vaqueir
vara                          var
varanda                       varand
varas                         var
varavam                       var
varejo                        varej
varela                        varel
varella                       varell
varetas                       varet
vargas                        varg
varginha                      varginh
varia                         var
variac,a~o                    variac,a~
variac,o~es                   variac,o~
variada                       vari
variadas                      vari
variadi'ssimos                variadi'ss
variado                       vari
variados                      vari
variam                        var
variando                      vari
variant                       variant
variantes                     variant
variar                        vari
va'rias                       va'r
variavam                      vari
varia'veis                    vari
varia'vel                     varia'vel
variedade                     variedad
variedades                    variedad
varig                         varig
vari'ola                      vari'ol
va'rios                       va'ri
varre                         varr
varredura                     varredur
varreduras                    varredur
varrer                        varr
varreu                        varr
varrida                       varr
varrido                       varr
va'rzea                       va'rz
vascai'na                     vascai'n
vasco                         vasc
vasconcellos                  vasconcell
vasconcelos                   vasconcel
vascular                      vascul
vasculares                    vascul
vasculha                      vasculh
vasculham                     vasculh
vasculhando                   vasculh
vasculhar                     vasculh
vasculharam                   vasculh
vasculhava                    vasculh
vasculhavam                   vasculh
vasculhou                     vasculh
vasectomia                    vasectom
vaso                          vas
vasodilatadores               vasodilat
vasoflor                      vasoflor
vasos                         vas
vasp                          vasp
vasquez                       vasquez
vassalo                       vassal
vassili                       vassil
vassoura                      vassour
vassouras                     vassour
vassoureiro                   vassoureir
vasta                         vast
vasto                         vast
vaticano                      vatican
vava'                         vav
vaz                           vaz
vazamento                     vazament
vaza~o                        vaza~
vazar                         vaz
vazava                        vaz
vazem                         vaz
vazia                         vaz
vazias                        vaz
vazio                         vazi
vazios                        vazi
vazou                         vaz
ve^                           ve^
veados                        vead
vectra                        vectr
vedac,a~o                     vedac,a~
vedete                        vedet
vedetes                       vedet
ve^em                         ve^em
veementemente                 veement
vegas                         veg
vegeta                        veget
vegetac,a~o                   veget
vegetais                      veget
vegetal                       vegetal
vegetariana                   vegetarian
vegetativa                    veget
veia                          vei
veias                         vei
veiculac,a~o                  veicul
veiculado                     veicul
vei'culo                      vei'cul
vei'culos                     vei'cul
veiga                         veig
veio                          vei
veja                          vej
vejam                         vej
vejamos                       vej
vejo                          vej
vela                          vel
velada                        vel
velado                        vel
velados                       vel
velas                         vel
velasco                       velasc
velejando                     velej
velha                         velh
velhas                        velh
velhice                       velhic
velhinha                      velhinh
velhinhas                     velhinh
velhinho                      velhinh
velhi'ssimo                   velhi'ssim
velho                         velh
velhos                        velh
velinhas                      velinh
velocidade                    veloc
velocidades                   veloc
velo'rio                      velo'ri
veloso                        velos
veloz                         veloz
velozes                       veloz
velozmente                    veloz
veludo                        velud
vem                           vem
ve^m                          ve^m
vemos                         vem
venais                        ven
vena^ncio                     vena^nci
venc,a                        venc
vence                         venc
vencedor                      vencedor
vencedora                     vencedor
vencendo                      venc
vencer                        venc
vencera                       venc
venceram                      venc
vencerem                      venc
venceslau                     venceslau
venceu                        venc
venci                         venc
vencida                       venc
vencido                       venc
vencidos                      venc
vencimento                    venciment
venda                         vend
vendagem                      vendag
vendam                        vend
vendas                        vend
vendaval                      vendaval
vende                         vend
vende^                        vend
vendedor                      vendedor
vendedora                     vendedor
vendedoras                    vendedor
vendedores                    vendedor
vendem                        vend
vendendo                      vend
vender                        vend
venderam                      vend
venderem                      vend
venderia                      vend
vendesse                      vend
vendeu                        vend
vendi                         vend
vendia                        vend
vendiam                       vend
vendida                       vend
vendidas                      vend
vendido                       vend
vendidos                      vend
vendilho~es                   vendilho~
vendo                         vend
veneno                        venen
venenos                       venen
venenoso                      venen
venenosos                     venen
venerac,a~o                   vener
venerada                      vener
venerado                      vener
venerados                     vener
veneram                       ven
venerar                       vener
venera'vel                    vener
veneto                        venet
veneza                        venez
venezuela                     venezuel
veng                          veng
venha                         venh
venham                        venh
venho                         venh
venice                        venic
ventania                      ventan
vento                         vent
ventos                        vent
ventre                        ventr
venture                       ventur
ventures                      ventur
venturini                     venturin
ver                           ver
vera                          ver
vera'                         ver
vera~o                        vera~
verba                         verb
verbais                       verb
verbal                        verbal
verbalizou                    verbaliz
verbalmente                   verbal
verbas                        verb
verciana                      vercian
verdade                       verdad
verdadeira                    verdadeir
verdadeiramente               verdadeir
verdadeiras                   verdadeir
verdadeiro                    verdadeir
verdadeiros                   verdadeir
verdades                      verdad
verde                         verd
verdes                        verd
verdi                         verd
verduras                      verdur
vereador                      vereador
vereadores                    vereador
veredicto                     veredict
verem                         ver
veremos                       ver
vergi'lio                     vergi'li
vergonha                      vergonh
vergonhosa                    vergonh
vergonhoso                    vergonh
veridiana                     veridian
verifica                      verif
verificac,a~o                 verific
verificamos                   verific
verificando                   verific
verificar                     verific
verificasse                   verific
verificou                     verific
veri'ssimo                    veri'ssim
vermelha                      vermelh
vermelhas                     vermelh
vermelho                      vermelh
vermelhos                     vermelh
verminose                     verminos
vero~es                       vero~
verona                        veron
veronica                      veron
vero^nica                     vero^n
veronika                      veronik
verrugas                      verrug
versa                         vers
versace                       versac
versa~o                       versa~
versa'teis                    versa't
versa'til                     versa'til
versatilidade                 versatil
verso                         vers
verso~es                      verso~
versolato                     versolat
versos                        vers
vertebral                     vertebral
vertente                      vertent
vertentes                     vertent
vertical                      vertical
ve'rtices                     ve'rtic
vertiginosos                  vertigin
verve                         verv
vesi'cula                     vesi'cul
vesi'culas                    vesi'cul
ve'spera                      ve'sp
ve'speras                     ve'sp
vespri                        vespr
veste                         vest
vestem                        vest
vestes                        vest
vesti                         vest
vestia                        vest
vestiam                       vest
vestia'rios                   vestia'ri
vestibulandos                 vestibuland
vestibular                    vestibul
vestida                       vest
vestidas                      vest
vestido                       vest
vestidos                      vest
vesti'gios                    vesti'gi
vestimenta                    vestiment
vestindo                      vest
vestir                        vest
vestiram                      vest
vestiu                        vest
vestua'rio                    vestua'ri
veta                          vet
vetado                        vet
vetar                         vet
veteranas                     veteran
veterano                      veteran
veteranos                     veteran
veterina'ria                  veterina'r
veto                          vet
vetor                         vetor
vetos                         vet
vetou                         vet
vettorazzo                    vettorazz
ve'u                          ve'u
ve'us                         ve'us
vexame                        vexam
vexames                       vexam
vexato'rio                    vexato'ri
vez                           vez
vezes                         vez
vf                            vf
vhd                           vhd
vi                            vi
via                           via
viabilidade                   viabil
viabilizar                    viabiliz
viabilizou                    viabiliz
viado                         viad
viados                        viad
viaduto                       viadut
viadutos                      viadut
via'fora                      via'for
viagem                        viag
viagens                       viagens
viaja                         viaj
viajado                       viaj
viajam                        viaj
viajando                      viaj
viajante                      viajant
viajantes                     viajant
viajar                        viaj
viajaram                      viaj
viajaria                      viaj
viajava                       viaj
viajavam                      viaj
viajei                        viaj
viajou                        viaj
vialli                        viall
viam                          viam
vi'amos                       vi'am
viana                         vian
vianna                        viann
via'ria                       via'r
vias                          vias
via'veis                      via'v
via'vel                       via'vel
vi'bora                       vi'bor
vibrac,a~o                    vibrac,a~
vibracional                   vibracional
vibrac,o~es                   vibrac,o~
vibram                        vibr
vibrando                      vibr
vibrante                      vibrant
vibraram                      vibr
vibrava                       vibr
vibrou                        vibr
vic                           vic
vice                          vic
vicente                       vicent
vicia                         vic
viciada                       vic
viciadas                      vic
viciado                       vic
viciados                      vic
viciantes                     viciant
vicinal                       vicinal
vi'cio                        vi'ci
vi'cios                       vi'ci
vicissitudes                  vicissitud
vicky                         vicky
vic,osa                       vic,os
victor                        victor
victoria                      victor
victo'ria                     victo'r
vicunha                       vicunh
vida                          vid
vidas                         vid
vide                          vid
vidente                       vident
vi'deo                        vi'd
videobrasil                   videobrasil
videocassete                  videocasset
videodiscos                   videodisc
videogame                     videogam
videomaker                    videomak
vi'deos                       vi'd
vidinha                       vidinh
vidrac,a                      vidrac
vidrac,as                     vidrac
vidraceiro                    vidraceir
vidrado                       vidr
vidrados                      vidr
vidro                         vidr
vidros                        vidr
vieira                        vieir
viela                         viel
vielas                        viel
vielmond                      vielmond
viena                         vien
vier                          vier
vieram                        vier
viesse                        viess
viessem                       viess
vietcongues                   vietcongu
vietna~                       vietna~
vietnamitas                   vietnamit
vigarice                      vigaric
viga'rio                      viga'ri
viga'rios                     viga'ri
vigente                       vigent
vigiado                       vigi
vigiando                      vigi
vigiar                        vigi
vigiava                       vigi
vigiavam                      vigi
vigila^ncia                   vigila^nc
vigilantes                    vigilant
vigi'lia                      vigi'l
vigor                         vigor
vigore                        vigor
vil                           vil
vila                          vil
vila~                         vila~
vilaboim                      vilaboim
vilanices                     vilanic
vilanova                      vilanov
vila~o                        vila~
vilarejo                      vilarej
vilarejos                     vilarej
vilas                         vil
vila~s                        vila~s
villa                         vill
villac,a                      villac
village                       villag
villame'a                     villam
villanova                     villanov
villas                        vill
villaventura                  villaventur
villela                       villel
vilmacy                       vilmacy
vilo~es                       vilo~
vilson                        vilson
vim                           vim
vime                          vim
vinagre                       vinagr
vincadas                      vinc
vincenzo                      vincenz
vincos                        vinc
vincula'                      vincul
vinculada                     vincul
vinculado                     vincul
vinculados                    vincul
vinculando                    vincul
vi'nculo                      vi'ncul
vi'nculos                     vi'ncul
vinculou                      vincul
vinda                         vind
vindas                        vind
vinde                         vind
vindo                         vind
vindos                        vind
ving                          ving
vingado                       ving
vinganc,a                     vinganc
vingando                      ving
vingar                        ving
vingativo                     vingat
vingou                        ving
vinha                         vinh
vinham                        vinh
vinhedo                       vinhed
vinheta                       vinhet
vinhetas                      vinhet
vinho                         vinh
vinhos                        vinh
vinicius                      vinicius
vini'cius                     vini'cius
vini'cola                     vini'col
vini'colas                    vini'col
vinil                         vinil
vinson                        vinson
vinte                         vint
vinte'ns                      vinte'ns
viola                         viol
violac,a~o                    violac,a~
violac,o~es                   violac,o~
viola~o                       viola~
violaram                      viol
viole^ncia                    viole^nc
viole^ncias                   viole^nc
violenta                      violent
violentamente                 violent
violentas                     violent
violenti'ssimas               violenti'ssim
violento                      violent
violentos                     violent
violinistas                   violin
violo~es                      violo~
vip                           vip
vips                          vips
vir                           vir
vira                          vir
vira'                         vir
viracopos                     viracop
virada                        vir
viradas                       vir
virado                        vir
viram                         vir
virando                       vir
vira~o                        vira~
virar                         vir
viraram                       vir
virava                        vir
vire                          vir
virei                         vir
virem                         vir
virgem                        virg
virgens                       virgens
virgi'lia                     virgi'l
virgi'lio                     virgi'li
virgindade                    virgindad
virgi'nia                     virgi'n
virginie                      virgini
vi'rgula                      vi'rgul
viria                         vir
viriam                        vir
virilidade                    viril
virmondes                     virmond
virna                         virn
viro                          vir
viroses                       viros
virou                         vir
virtuais                      virtu
virtual                       virtual
virtualmente                  virtual
virtude                       virtud
virtudes                      virtud
vi'rus                        vi'rus
virusterapia                  virusterap
visa                          vis
visada                        vis
visado                        vis
visados                       vis
visando                       vis
visa~o                        visa~
vi'sceras                     vi'sc
viscomi                       viscom
visconde                      viscond
viscosa                       viscos
visible                       visibl
vision                        vision
visita                        visit
visita'                       visit
visitada                      visit
visitadas                     visit
visitado                      visit
visitados                     visit
visitam                       visit
visitamos                     visit
visitante                     visitant
visitantes                    visitant
visitar                       visit
visitaram                     visit
visitas                       visit
visitasse                     visit
visitavam                     visit
visitou                       visit
visi'veis                     visi'v
visi'vel                      visi'vel
visivelmente                  visivel
vislumbra                     vislumbr
vislumbrar                    vislumbr
vislumbrou                    vislumbr
viso~es                       viso~
visor                         visor
visse                         viss
vista                         vist
vistas                        vist
visto                         vist
vistoria                      vistor
vistos                        vist
visuais                       visu
visual                        visual
visualmente                   visual
vita                          vit
vitais                        vit
vital                         vital
vitali'cios                   vitali'ci
vitalidade                    vital
vitamina                      vitamin
vitaminada                    vitamin
vitaminas                     vitamin
vitara                        vit
vi'tima                       vi'tim
vitimam                       vitim
vi'timas                      vi'tim
vitimou                       vitim
vitivinicultura               vitivinicultur
vitor                         vitor
vi'tor                        vi'tor
vito'ria                      vito'r
vito'rias                     vito'r
vito'rio                      vito'ri
vitoriosa                     vitori
vitoriosas                    vitori
vitorioso                     vitori
vitoriosos                    vitori
vitrinas                      vitrin
vitrine                       vitrin
vitrines                      vitrin
vitrola                       vitrol
viu                           viu
viu'va                        viu'v
viu'vas                       viu'v
viva                          viv
vivacidade                    vivac
vivamente                     viv
vivas                         viv
vive                          viv
vivem                         viv
vivemos                       viv
vivencia                      vivenc
vivenciadas                   vivenc
vivenciaram                   vivenc
vive^ncias                    vive^nc
vivendo                       viv
viver                         viv
vivera                        viv
viveram                       viv
viveria                       viv
vivesse                       viv
viveu                         viv
vivi                          viv
vivia                         viv
viviam                        viv
viviane                       vivian
vivida                        viv
vividas                       viv
vivido                        viv
vividos                       viv
vivien                        vivien
vivinha                       vivinh
vivi'ssimas                   vivi'ssim
vivi'ssimos                   vivi'ss
vivo                          viv
vivos                         viv
vizinha                       vizinh
vizinhanc,a                   vizinhanc
vizinhas                      vizinh
vizinho                       vizinh
vizinhos                      vizinh
vladimir                      vladim
vle                           vle
vo^                           vo^
voa                           voa
voador                        voador
voadores                      voador
voam                          voam
voando                        voand
voar                          voar
voara                         voar
voava                         voav
voavam                        voav
voa'vamos                     voa'v
vocabula'rio                  vocabula'ri
voca'bulos                    voca'bul
vocac,a~o                     vocac,a~
vocais                        voc
vocalista                     vocal
vocalizado                    vocaliz
vocaltec                      vocaltec
voce^                         voc
voce^s                        voce^s
vodca                         vodc
voei                          voe
vogal                         vogal
vogue                         vog
voice                         voic
volante                       volant
vola'til                      vola'til
volatilidade                  volatil
vo^lei                        vo^l
volkow                        volkow
volks                         volks
volkswagen                    volkswagen
volpe                         volp
volta                         volt
voltada                       volt
voltadas                      volt
voltado                       volt
voltados                      volt
voltaire                      voltair
voltam                        volt
voltamos                      volt
voltando                      volt
voltar                        volt
voltaram                      volt
voltarem                      volt
voltaren                      voltaren
voltaria                      volt
voltarmos                     volt
voltas                        volt
voltassem                     volt
voltava                       volt
volte                         volt
voltei                        volt
voltem                        volt
volto                         volt
voltou                        volt
volume                        volum
volumes                       volum
volumoso                      volum
volunta'rias                  volunta'r
volunta'rio                   volunta'ri
volunta'rios                  volunta'ri
voluntarismo                  voluntar
volu'pia                      volu'p
vomitar                       vomit
vomitava                      vomit
vo^mitos                      vo^mit
von                           von
vontade                       vontad
vontades                      vontad
vo^o                          vo^o
vo^os                         vo^os
voou                          voou
voracidade                    vorac
voraz                         voraz
vorazes                       voraz
vosges                        vosg
votac,a~o                     votac,a~
votac,o~es                    votac,o~
votado                        vot
votados                       vot
votar                         vot
votara~o                      vot
votaria                       vot
votasse                       vot
votava                        vot
votei                         vot
voto                          vot
votorantim                    votorantim
votos                         vot
votou                         vot
vou                           vou
vouiton                       vouiton
vovo'                         vov
vox                           vox
voxel                         voxel
voyage                        voyag
voyeurista                    voyeur
voz                           voz
vozeira~o                     voz
vozes                         voz
vulca^nica                    vulca^n
vulca^nicos                   vulca^n
vulca~o                       vulca~
vulco~es                      vulco~
vulgar                        vulg
vulgares                      vulg
vulgaridade                   vulgar
vulgarizaram                  vulgariz
vulgarmente                   vulgar
vulnerabilidade               vulner
vulnerabilidades              vulner
vulnera'veis                  vulner
vulnera'vel                   vulner
vulto                         vult
vultosa                       vultos
vultosos                      vultos
w                             w
wade                          wad
wagner                        wagn
wagnerianos                   wagnerian
wainer                        wain
wald                          wald
waldemar                      waldem
waldhoff                      waldhoff
waldir                        wald
waldyr                        waldyr
walker                        walk
walkiria                      walk
walkman                       walkman
wall                          wall
wallace                       wallac
walsh                         walsh
walt                          walt
walter                        walt
walther                       walth
wanamaker                     wanamak
wanda                         wand
wanderlei                     wanderl
wanderley                     wanderley
wando                         wand
wanira                        wan
wanna                         wann
want                          want
warner                        warn
washington                    washington
watch                         watch
water                         wat
watergate                     watergat
waterhouse                    waterhous
watts                         watts
wayne                         wayn
wear                          wear
weaver                        weav
web                           web
weber                         web
webphone                      webphon
website                       websit
wedge                         wedg
week                          week
weeks                         weeks
weg                           weg
weizmann                      weizmann
welles                        well
wellington                    wellington
werneck                       werneck
werner                        wern
werthein                      werthein
wesley                        wesley
wessel                        wessel
west                          west
wet                           wet
wexler                        wexl
what                          what
wheelock                      wheelock
when                          when
white                         whit
whiteboard                    whiteboard
who                           who
whoop                         whoop
whoopy                        whoopy
wilckens                      wilckens
wild                          wild
wildlife                      wildlif
wilhelm                       wilhelm
wilker                        wilk
will                          will
willadino                     willadin
william                       will
willis                        will
willy                         willy
wilma                         wilm
wilson                        wilson
wimbledon                     wimbledon
windows                       windows
wine                          win
winits                        winits
winona                        winon
winston                       winston
without                       without
witt                          witt
witte                         witt
wittemberg                    wittemberg
wladimir                      wladim
wolf                          wolf
wolfenson                     wolfenson
woman                         woman
women                         women
wonder                        wond
wonderful                     wonderful
woods                         woods
woodstock                     woodstock
woody                         woody
work                          work
workaholic                    workaholic
workaholics                   workaholics
workshop                      workshop
world                         world
worth                         worth
wri                           wri
wright                        wright
writer                        writ
wtk                           wtk
wwf                           wwf
www                           www
x                             x
xa'                           xa'
xadrez                        xadrez
xama~                         xama~
xamanismo                     xaman
xamani'sticas                 xamani'st
xampu                         xampu
xampus                        xampus
xando                         xand
xango^                        xango^
xara'                         xar
xarope                        xarop
xaropes                       xarop
xavante                       xavant
xavantinho                    xavantinh
xaveco                        xavec
xavier                        xavi
xenakis                       xenak
xenical                       xenical
xeque                         xequ
xeretada                      xeret
xerifes                       xerif
xerox                         xerox
xiao                          xia
xica                          xic
xi'cara                       xi'c
xi'caras                      xi'c
xiii                          xii
xiita                         xiit
ximenes                       ximen
xingada                       xing
xingado                       xing
xingam                        xing
xingar                        xing
xingu                         xingu
xiv                           xiv
xix                           xix
xodo'                         xod
xororo'                       xoror
xou                           xou
xres                          xres
xuxa                          xux
xvi                           xvi
xvii                          xvi
xviii                         xvii
xx                            xx
xxi                           xxi
y                             y
yahoo                         yaho
yakult                        yakult
yale                          yal
yamaha                        yamah
yan                           yan
yara                          yar
yard                          yard
yassuda                       yassud
yat                           yat
yes                           yes
yevgeni                       yevgen
yitzhak                       yitzhak
yoko                          yok
york                          york
yun                           yun
yuri                          yur
yves                          yves
z                             z
zacharias                     zach
zaf                           zaf
zagallo                       zagall
zagalo                        zagal
zagon                         zagon
zagury                        zagury
zaida                         zaid
zaire                         zair
zakabi                        zakab
zamora                        zamor
zancaner                      zancan
zander                        zand
zangado                       zang
zanini                        zanin
zanivan                       zanivan
zanzibar                      zanzib
zapping                       zapping
zara                          zar
zaragoza                      zaragoz
zarin                         zarin
zaz                           zaz
ze'                           ze'
zebra                         zebr
zebras                        zebr
zebu                          zebu
zeca                          zec
zedias                        zed
zeferina                      zeferin
zehnder                       zehnd
zelador                       zelador
zela^ndia                     zela^nd
zelar                         zel
zen                           zen
zenilda                       zenild
zenildo                       zenild
zentel                        zentel
zepellin                      zepellin
zequinha                      zequinh
zerados                       zer
zerinho                       zerinh
zero                          zer
zerou                         zer
zeze'                         zez
zhiling                       zhiling
zico                          zic
zilberman                     zilberman
zimba'bue                     zimba'bu
zinco                         zinc
zinhos                        zinh
zi'per                        zi'p
ziraldo                       zirald
zita                          zit
zoar                          zoar
zodi'aco                      zodi'ac
zola                          zol
zolio                         zoli
zona                          zon
zonas                         zon
zoneamento                    zoneament
zonzo                         zonz
zooboros                      zoobor
zoolo'gico                    zoolo'g
zoomp                         zoomp
zul                           zul
zumbi                         zumb
zumbido                       zumb
