a                             a
a`                            a`
abailard                      abailard
abaissait                     abaiss
abaissant                     abaiss
abaisse                       abaiss
abaisse'                      abaiss
abaissement                   abaissement
abaissent                     abaissent
abaisser                      abaiss
abaisserai                    abaiss
abandon                       abandon
abandonna                     abandon
abandonnait                   abandon
abandonnant                   abandon
abandonne                     abandon
abandonne'                    abandon
abandonne'e                   abandon
abandonner                    abandon
abandonnera                   abandon
abandonnerait                 abandon
abandonne's                   abandon
abandonnez                    abandon
abasourdi                     abasourd
abat                          abat
abattant                      abatt
abattement                    abatt
abattit                       abatt
abattre                       abattr
abbaye                        abbay
abbe'                         abbe'
abbe's                        abbe'
abbesse                       abbess
abeille                       abeil
abhorrait                     abhorr
abhorre                       abhorr
abhorre'                      abhorr
abi^mait                      abi^m
abi^me                        abi^m
abi^me'                       abi^m
abi^me'e                      abi^m
abject                        abject
abjurant                      abjur
ablutions                     ablut
abne'gation                   abneg
aboiements                    aboi
aboiera                       aboi
abolir                        abol
abominable                    abomin
abominablement                abomin
abominables                   abomin
abomination                   abomin
abondaient                    abond
abondamment                   abond
abondance                     abond
abondant                      abond
abondante                     abond
abonde                        abond
abonne'                       abon
abonnement                    abon
abord                         abord
aborda                        abord
abordaient                    abord
abordait                      abord
abordant                      abord
aborde'e                      abord
aborder                       abord
aborde`rent                   abord
aborde's                      abord
abords                        abord
aboutit                       about
aboyaient                     aboi
aboye`rent                    aboi
abraham                       abraham
abre`ge                       abreg
abre'ge'                      abreg
abre'gea                      abreg
abre'geaient                  abreg
abre'geait                    abreg
abre'geant                    abreg
abre'ger                      abreg
abre'gera                     abreg
abre'gerait                   abreg
abre'ge's                     abreg
abreuvoir                     abreuvoir
abre'viations                 abre'vi
abri                          abri
abrita^t                      abrit
abrite'                       abrit
abrite'e                      abrit
abritent                      abritent
abrite's                      abrit
abrutis                       abrut
abrutissant                   abrut
abrutissement                 abrut
abruzze                       abruzz
absence                       absenc
absences                      absenc
absent                        absent
absentait                     absent
absente                       absent
absents                       absent
absolu                        absolu
absolue                       absolu
absolument                    absolu
absolus                       absolus
absolutisme                   absolut
absorba                       absorb
absorbaient                   absorb
absorbait                     absorb
absorbe'                      absorb
absorbe'e                     absorb
absorbe's                     absorb
absoudre                      absoudr
abstenait                     absten
abstenez                      absten
abstiendrai                   abstiendr
abstraction                   abstract
abstrait                      abstrait
absurde                       absurd
absurdes                      absurd
absurdite'                    absurd
absurdite's                   absurd
abus                          abus
abusa                         abus
abusait                       abus
abusant                       abus
abuse                         abus
abuse'                        abus
abuser                        abus
abusez                        abus
abusif                        abus
acabit                        acab
acacia                        acaci
acacias                       acaci
acade'micien                  acade'micien
acade'mie                     academ
acade'mies                    academ
acade'mique                   academ
acajou                        acajou
accabla                       accabl
accablaient                   accabl
accablait                     accabl
accablant                     accabl
accablante                    accabl
accable                       accabl
accable'                      accabl
accable'e                     accabl
accablement                   accabl
accabler                      accabl
accableraient                 accabl
accable`rent                  accabl
accalmie                      accalm
accapare'                     accapar
acce`de                       acced
acce'der                      acced
acce'le'ra                    acce'ler
acce'le'ration                acce'ler
accent                        accent
accents                       accent
accentua                      accentu
accepta                       accept
acceptables                   accept
acceptais                     accept
acceptait                     accept
accepte                       accept
accepte'                      accept
accepte'e                     accept
acceptent                     acceptent
accepter                      accept
acceptera                     accept
accepterai                    accept
accepterait                   accept
accepteriez                   accept
acceptes                      accept
acceptez                      accept
acception                     accept
acceptons                     accepton
acce`s                        acces
accident                      accident
accidente'                    accident
accidents                     accident
acclamation                   acclam
acclamations                  acclam
accommode'                    accommod
accompagnaient                accompagn
accompagnait                  accompagn
accompagnant                  accompagn
accompagne                    accompagn
accompagne'                   accompagn
accompagne'e                  accompagn
accompagnement                accompagn
accompagnent                  accompagnent
accompagner                   accompagn
accompagne`rent               accompagn
accompagniez                  accompagn
accompli                      accompl
accomplie                     accompl
accomplies                    accompl
accomplir                     accompl
accomplirait                  accompl
accomplis                     accompl
accomplissaient               accompl
accomplissais                 accompl
accomplissait                 accompl
accomplissant                 accompl
accomplissement               accompl
accomplissent                 accompl
accomplit                     accompl
accord                        accord
accorda                       accord
accordait                     accord
accordant                     accord
accorde                       accord
accorde'                      accord
accorde'e                     accord
accorde'es                    accord
accorder                      accord
accorderai                    accord
accorderait                   accord
accorde`rent                  accord
accorderez                    accord
accordez                      accord
accosta                       accost
accostait                     accost
accoste'                      accost
accoster                      accost
accote'                       accot
accouchement                  accouch
accouraient                   accour
accourait                     accour
accourant                     accour
accourez                      accour
accourir                      accour
accourue                      accouru
accoururent                   accoururent
accourus                      accourus
accourut                      accourut
accoutrement                  accoutr
accoutuma^t                   accoutum
accoutume                     accoutum
accoutume'                    accoutum
accoutume'e                   accoutum
accoutume'es                  accoutum
accoutumer                    accoutum
accoutumes                    accoutum
accoutume's                   accoutum
accre'dite'                   accred
accre'diter                   accre'dit
accrochaient                  accroch
accrochant                    accroch
accroche'                     accroch
accrocher                     accroch
accroissaient                 accroiss
accroissait                   accroiss
accroissant                   accroiss
accroi^tre                    accroi^tr
accru                         accru
accrue                        accru
accrut                        accrut
accueil                       accueil
accueillait                   accueil
accueillent                   accueillent
accueilli                     accueil
accueillie                    accueil
accueillies                   accueil
accueillir                    accueil
accueillis                    accueil
accumulation                  accumul
accumule'                     accumul
accumule'es                   accumul
accumulent                    accumulent
accumuler                     accumul
accumule's                    accumul
accusa                        accus
accusait                      accus
accusant                      accus
accusateur                    accus
accusation                    accus
accusations                   accus
accuse                        accus
accuse'                       accus
accuser                       accus
accuseront                    accus
accuse's                      accus
accusez                       accus
achalandage                   achalandag
acharnant                     acharn
acharne's                     acharn
achat                         achat
achemina                      achemin
acheminait                    achemin
achemine'                     achemin
acheta                        achet
achetait                      achet
achetant                      achet
achete                        achet
ache`te                       achet
achete'                       achet
achete'es                     achet
acheter                       achet
ache`terons                   achet
ache`tes                      achet
achete's                      achet
achetez                       achet
acheva                        achev
achevaient                    achev
achevait                      achev
achevant                      achev
ache`ve                       achev
acheve'                       achev
acheve'e                      achev
ache`vement                   achev
achever                       achev
ache`vera                     achev
achevez                       achev
achille                       achill
acier                         aci
acolyte                       acolyt
acoustiques                   acoust
acque'rait                    acquer
acquerrait                    acquerr
acquiert                      acquiert
acquis                        acquis
acquise                       acquis
acquises                      acquis
acquisition                   acquisit
acquisitions                  acquisit
acquit                        acquit
acquitta                      acquitt
acquittait                    acquitt
acquitte                      acquitt
acquitte'                     acquitt
acquittement                  acquitt
acquitter                     acquitt
acquitte's                    acquitt
acrobates                     acrobat
acrobatique                   acrobat
acte                          acte
actes                         acte
acteur                        acteur
acteurs                       acteur
actif                         actif
action                        action
actionnaires                  actionnair
actions                       action
active                        activ
activement                    activ
actives                       activ
activite'                     activ
actrice                       actric
actrices                      actric
actuel                        actuel
actuelle                      actuel
actuellement                  actuel
actuelles                     actuel
actuels                       actuel
ad                            ad
adaptant                      adapt
additions                     addit
address                       address
adeline                       adelin
aden                          aden
adieu                         adieu
adieux                        adieux
adjoint                       adjoint
adjonction                    adjonct
adjudant                      adjud
adjudication                  adjud
adjudications                 adjud
adjugeait                     adjug
adjuger                       adjug
admet                         admet
admettait                     admet
admettant                     admet
admettent                     admettent
admettons                     admetton
admettre                      admettr
administra                    administr
administrateur                administr
administrateurs               administr
administration                administr
administre                    administr
administre'                   administr
administrer                   administr
administre's                  administr
administrez                   administr
admira                        admir
admirable                     admir
admirablement                 admir
admirables                    admir
admirais                      admir
admirait                      admir
admirant                      admir
admirateurs                   admir
admiration                    admir
admire                        admir
admire'                       admir
admire'e                      admir
admire'es                     admir
admirent                      admirent
admirer                       admir
admirera                      admir
admire`rent                   admir
admire's                      admir
admiriez                      admir
admis                         admis
admise                        admis
admises                       admis
admission                     admiss
admi^t                        admi^t
admonestant                   admonest
adolescent                    adolescent
adolphe                       adolph
adonne'                       adon
adonne'e                      adon
adonnent                      adonnent
adopta                        adopt
adopte                        adopt
adopte'                       adopt
adopte'e                      adopt
adopter                       adopt
adoptif                       adopt
adorable                      ador
adoraient                     ador
adorais                       ador
adorait                       ador
adorant                       ador
adorateur                     ador
adorateurs                    ador
adoration                     ador
adorations                    ador
adoratrices                   ador
adore                         ador
adore'                        ador
adore'e                       ador
adorent                       adorent
adorer                        ador
adorera                       ador
adouci                        adouc
adoucir                       adouc
adoucissait                   adouc
adoucissent                   adouc
adressa                       adress
adressaient                   adress
adressait                     adress
adressant                     adress
adressa^t                     adress
adresse                       adress
adresse'                      adress
adresse'e                     adress
adresse'es                    adress
adressent                     adressent
adresser                      adress
adresserai                    adress
adresse`rent                  adress
adresses                      adress
adresse's                     adress
adressez                      adress
adrien                        adrien
adroit                        adroit
adroite                       adroit
adroitement                   adroit
adroites                      adroit
adroits                       adroit
adsum                         adsum
adulte`re                     adulter
adverbe                       adverb
adversaire                    adversair
adversaires                   adversair
adverse                       advers
adversite'                    advers
advint                        advint
ae'rienne                     ae'rien
affabilite'                   affabl
affadissantes                 affad
affaibli                      affaibl
affaiblie                     affaibl
affaiblissait                 affaibl
affaiblissement               affaibl
affaiblit                     affaibl
affaire                       affair
affaire'                      affair
affaires                      affair
affaire's                     affair
affaisse'                     affaiss
affame'                       affam
affamer                       affam
affame's                      affam
affecta                       affect
affectaient                   affect
affectait                     affect
affectant                     affect
affectation                   affect
affectations                  affect
affecte                       affect
affecte'                      affect
affecte'e                     affect
affecte'es                    affect
affecter                      affect
affecte's                     affect
affection                     affect
affectionnait                 affection
affectionne'                  affection
affections                    affect
affectueux                    affectu
affermissant                  afferm
affermit                      afferm
affichait                     affich
affiche                       affich
affiche'                      affich
affiche'e                     affich
affichent                     affichent
afficher                      affich
affiches                      affich
afficheur                     afficheur
affide'                       affid
affide's                      affid
affile'e                      affil
affilie'                      affili
affilier                      affili
affinite's                    affin
affirmait                     affirm
affirmant                     affirm
affirmatif                    affirm
affirme                       affirm
affirme'                      affirm
affirment                     affirment
affirmer                      affirm
affirmerai                    affirm
afflictive                    afflict
afflige                       afflig
afflige'                      afflig
affligea                      afflig
afflige'e                     afflig
affliger                      afflig
affligez                      afflig
afflua                        afflu
affluaient                    afflu
affluence                     affluenc
affluent                      affluent
affluents                     affluent
affluer                       afflu
affolait                      affol
affole'es                     affol
affranchi                     affranch
affre`te                      affret
affreuse                      affreux
affreuses                     affreux
affreux                       affreux
affriolait                    affriol
affront                       affront
affrontais                    affront
affronter                     affront
affuble'                      affubl
afin                          afin
afrique                       afriqu
agde                          agde
age                           age
a^ge                          a^ge
a^ge'                         a^ge'
a^ge'e                        a^ge'
a^ge'es                       a^ge'
agen                          agen
agence'es                     agenc
agenouilla                    agenouill
agenouillant                  agenouill
agenouille'                   agenouill
agenouille'e                  agenouill
agent                         agent
agents                        agent
a^ges                         a^ge
a^ge's                        a^ge'
agglome'ration                agglomer
aggrottato                    aggrottato
agi                           agi
agile                         agil
agilite'                      agil
agir                          agir
agirait                       agir
agis                          agis
agissaient                    agiss
agissait                      agiss
agissant                      agiss
agissante                     agiss
agisse                        agiss
agissent                      agissent
agissez                       agiss
agissons                      agisson
agit                          agit
agita                         agit
agitaient                     agit
agitait                       agit
agitant                       agit
agitation                     agit
agite                         agit
agite'                        agit
agite'e                       agit
agite'es                      agit
agitent                       agitent
agiter                        agit
agite`rent                    agit
agite's                       agit
agneaux                       agneau
agonie                        agon
agra                          agra
agrandis                      agrand
agre'able                     agre'abl
agre'ablement                 agre'abl
agre'ables                    agre'abl
agre'er                       agre'
agre'ez                       agre'
agre'ment                     agre'ment
agre'mente'                   agre'ment
agre'mente'e                  agre'ment
agre'mente'es                 agre'ment
agre'mente's                  agre'ment
agre'ments                    agre'ment
agre`s                        agres
agriculteur                   agriculteur
agriculture                   agricultur
ah                            ah
ahme'hnagara                  ahme'hnagar
ahuri                         ahur
ai                            ai
aida                          aid
aidait                        aid
aidant                        aid
aide                          aid
aide'                         aid
aide'e                        aid
aide'es                       aid
aider                         aid
aidera                        aid
aiderai                       aid
aide`rent                     aid
aiderez                       aid
aides                         aid
aide's                        aid
aidez                         aid
aidiez                        aid
aie                           aie
aient                         aient
aies                          aie
ai"eul                        ai"eul
ai"eux                        ai"eux
aigle                         aigl
aigre                         aigr
aigrelets                     aigrelet
aigrelettes                   aigrelet
aigrement                     aigr
aigres                        aigr
aigreur                       aigreur
aigrirait                     aigr
aiguille                      aiguill
aiguilles                     aiguill
aiguillon                     aiguillon
aiguiser                      aiguis
aigus                         aigus
aile                          ail
ailes                         ail
aille                         aill
ailles                        aill
ailleurs                      ailleur
aima                          aim
aimable                       aimabl
aimables                      aimabl
aimaient                      aim
aimais                        aim
aimait                        aim
aimant                        aim
aima^t                        aim
aime                          aim
aime'                         aim
aime'e                        aim
aime'es                       aim
aiment                        aiment
aimer                         aim
aimera                        aim
aimerai                       aim
aimerais                      aim
aimerait                      aim
aimerez                       aim
aimes                         aim
aime's                        aim
aimez                         aim
aimiez                        aim
aimons                        aimon
aine                          ain
ai^ne'                        ai^n
ai^ne'e                       ai^n
ai^ne's                       ai^n
ainsi                         ains
air                           air
aire                          air
airs                          air
aisance                       aisanc
aise                          ais
aise'                         ais
aise'es                       ais
aise'ment                     ais
aise's                        ais
ait                           ait
ajournement                   ajourn
ajouta                        ajout
ajoutaient                    ajout
ajoutait                      ajout
ajoutant                      ajout
ajoute                        ajout
ajoute'                       ajout
ajoute'es                     ajout
ajouter                       ajout
ajoutera                      ajout
ajouterai                     ajout
ajouteraient                  ajout
ajouterais                    ajout
ajoute`rent                   ajout
ajouterez                     ajout
ajouterons                    ajout
ajuster                       ajust
al                            al
alabama                       alabam
alacoque                      alacoqu
alari                         alar
alarma                        alarm
alarmaient                    alarm
alarmants                     alarm
alarme                        alarm
alarme'                       alarm
alarme'e                      alarm
alarmer                       alarm
alarmes                       alarm
alas                          alas
alba^tre                      alba^tr
albermale                     albermal
album                         album
alcooliques                   alcool
ale                           ale
ale'a                         ale'
alembert                      alembert
alenc,on                      alenc,on
alerte                        alert
alertes                       alert
alexandre                     alexandr
alfieri                       alfier
alfred                        alfred
alger                         alger
alhambra                      alhambr
alie`ne                       alien
aligne'es                     align
aligre                        aligr
aliment                       aliment
alimentation                  aliment
alimenter                     aliment
alimento                      alimento
aline'a                       aline'
all                           all
alla                          alla
allahabad                     allahabad
allaient                      allaient
allais                        allais
allait                        allait
allant                        allant
alla^t                        alla^t
alle'                         alle'
alle'che'                     allech
alle'che's                    allech
alle'e                        alle'
alle'es                       alle'
alle'gation                   alleg
allege                        alleg
alle`ge                       alleg
alle`gre                      allegr
alle'gresse                   alle'gress
alle'guant                    alle'gu
allemagne                     allemagn
allemand                      allemand
allemande                     allemand
allemands                     allemand
aller                         aller
alle`rent                     alle`rent
alle's                        alle'
allez                         allez
alliage                       alliag
alliance                      allianc
allie'                        alli
allie's                       alli
alliez                        alli
alligators                    alligator
allions                       allion
allocution                    allocu
allonge                       allong
allongeait                    allong
allonge'e                     allong
allons                        allon
alloue                        allou
alluma                        allum
allumait                      allum
allume                        allum
allume'                       allum
allume'e                      allum
allume'es                     allum
allumer                       allum
allume's                      allum
allure                        allur
allures                       allur
allusion                      allus
allusions                     allus
almanach                      almanach
almaviva                      almaviv
alors                         alor
alouettes                     alouet
alourdie                      alourd
alpes                         alpe
alphabet                      alphabet
alphabets                     alphabet
alsace                        alsac
also                          also
altamira                      altam
alte'ra                       alter
alte'rait                     alter
alte're'                      alter
alte're'e                     alter
alte'rer                      alter
alte're's                     alter
alternative                   altern
alternatives                  altern
altesse                       altess
altesses                      altess
altier                        alti
altie`re                      altier
altitude                      altitud
alvizi                        alviz
alzar                         alzar
ama                           ama
amabilite'                    amabl
amadoue'                      amadou
amadouer                      amadou
amai                          amai
amaigris                      amaigr
amand                         amand
amanda                        amand
amant                         amant
amantes                       amant
amants                        amant
amarres                       amarr
amarre's                      amarr
amas                          amas
amassaient                    amass
amasse'                       amass
amasse'e                      amass
amateur                       amateur
amateurs                      amateur
ambassade                     ambassad
ambassadeur                   ambassadeur
ambassadeurs                  ambassadeur
ambigue"                      ambigu
ambitieuse                    ambiti
ambitieux                     ambiti
ambition                      ambit
ambulance                     ambul
ambulant                      ambul
ambulantes                    ambul
ambulants                     ambul
a^me                          a^me
amena                         amen
ame'nage'                     ame'nag
ame'nagements                 ame'nag
amenait                       amen
amende                        amend
amendes                       amend
ame`ne                        amen
amene'                        amen
amene'e                       amen
amener                        amen
ame`nera                      amen
ame`nerai                     amen
ame`nerait                    amen
amenez                        amen
ameni                         amen
amer                          amer
ame`re                        amer
ame`rement                    amer
ame`res                       amer
ame'ricain                    ame'ricain
ame'ricaine                   ame'ricain
ame'ricains                   ame'ricain
american                      american
ame'rique                     amer
amers                         amer
amertume                      amertum
a^mes                         a^me
ameublement                   ameubl
ameutant                      ameut
ami                           ami
amiable                       amiabl
amical                        amical
amicale                       amical
amicalement                   amical
amicizia                      amicizi
amie                          ami
amiens                        amien
amies                         ami
amis                          amis
amitie'                       amiti
amitie's                      amiti
amoindri                      amoindr
amor                          amor
amorce                        amorc
amorces                       amorc
amortir                       amort
amortirait                    amort
amour                         amour
amourache'e                   amourach
amoureuse                     amour
amoureusement                 amour
amoureux                      amour
amours                        amour
amphigouriques                amphigour
amphion                       amphion
amphithe'a^tre                amphithe'a^tr
ample                         ample
amplification                 amplif
amplifications                amplif
ampute's                      amput
amusa                         amus
amusaient                     amus
amusait                       amus
amusant                       amus
amusante                      amus
amusantes                     amus
amusants                      amus
amuse                         amus
amuse'                        amus
amusement                     amus
amuser                        amus
amusera                       amus
an                            an
anachore`te                   anachoret
anachronisme                  anachron
analyser                      analys
ananas                        anan
anathe`me                     anathem
anathe`mes                    anathem
ance^tres                     ance^tr
ancien                        ancien
ancienne                      ancien
anciennes                     ancien
anciens                       ancien
ancre                         ancre
ancre's                       ancre'
and                           and
andaman                       andaman
anderson                      anderson
andrew                        andrew
andryane                      andryan
ane'anti                      ane'ant
ane'antie                     ane'ant
ane'antir                     ane'ant
ane'antis                     ane'ant
ane'antissait                 ane'ant
ane'antit                     ane'ant
anecdote                      anecdot
anecdotes                     anecdot
anecdotique                   anecdot
a^nerie                       a^ner
anetta                        anet
ange                          ange
angela                        angel
angelica                      angelic
ange'lina                     ange'lin
ange'lique                    angel
anges                         ange
anglais                       anglais
anglaise                      anglais
anglaises                     anglais
angle                         angle
angles                        angle
angleterre                    angleterr
anglo                         anglo
angoisse                      angoiss
angoisses                     angoiss
angoule^me                    angoule^m
aniken                        aniken
anima                         anim
animaient                     anim
animait                       anim
animal                        animal
animant                       anim
animation                     anim
animaux                       animal
anime                         anim
anime'                        anim
anime'e                       anim
anime'es                      anim
animer                        anim
anime`rent                    anim
anime's                       anim
annales                       annal
annam                         annam
anneau                        anneau
anne'e                        anne'
anne'es                       anne'
annexait                      annex
annibal                       annibal
anno                          anno
annonc,a                      annonc
annonc,aient                  annonc
annonc,ait                    annonc
annonc,ant                    annonc
annonce                       annonc
annonce'                      annonc
annonce'e                     annonc
annonce'es                    annonc
annoncent                     annoncent
annoncer                      annonc
annoncerait                   annonc
annonce`rent                  annonc
annoncerez                    annonc
annonces                      annonc
annonce's                     annonc
annuel                        annuel
annuelle                      annuel
annuellement                  annuel
annule'                       annul
annule'e                      annul
annuleront                    annul
anobli                        anobl
anoblir                       anobl
anoblis                       anobl
anoblissement                 anobl
anoblit                       anobl
anodines                      anodin
a^nonna                       a^non
anonyme                       anonym
anonymement                   anonym
anonymes                      anonym
ans                           an
anse                          anse
antagoniste                   antagon
ante'rieure                   ante'rieur
ante'rieurs                   ante'rieur
anthropophages                anthropophag
anti                          anti
antibes                       antib
antichambre                   antichambr
antichambres                  antichambr
antidata                      antidat
antidate'e                    antidat
antige'ne'reuses              antige'ner
antijacobine                  antijacobin
antimonarchique               antimonarch
antipathie                    antipath
antipathique                  antipath
antipode                      antipod
antipodes                     antipod
antiquaires                   antiquair
antique                       antiqu
antiques                      antiqu
antiquite'                    antiqu
antiquite's                   antiqu
antithe`se                    antithes
antoine                       antoin
anxie'te'                     anxiet
anxieux                       anxieux
any                           any
aouda                         aoud
aou^t                         aou^t
apaisa                        apais
apaise'e                      apais
apaiser                       apais
apaisera                      apais
apathie                       apath
apathique                     apath
apennin                       apennin
apens                         apen
apercevait                    apercev
apercevant                    apercev
apercevoir                    apercevoir
apercevons                    apercevon
apercevrait                   apercevr
aperc,ois                     aperc,ois
aperc,oit                     aperc,oit
aperc,oive                    aperc,o
aperc,u                       aperc,u
aperc,ue                      aperc,u
aperc,urent                   aperc,urent
aperc,us                      aperc,us
aperc,ut                      aperc,ut
aperc,u^t                     aperc,u^t
aplaties                      aplat
aplatit                       aplat
aplomb                        aplomb
apocalypse                    apocalyps
apocalyptique                 apocalypt
apoplectique                  apoplect
apoplexie                     apoplex
apoplexies                    apoplex
apostat                       apostat
aposte'                       apost
apostille                     apostill
apostolique                   apostol
apostoliques                  apostol
apothicaire                   apothicair
apo^tre                       apo^tr
apo^tres                      apo^tr
apparaissaient                apparaiss
apparaissait                  apparaiss
apparait                      appar
apparai^t                     apparai^t
apparai^trait                 apparai^tr
apparai^tre                   apparai^tr
apparat                       apparat
appareil                      appareil
appareillait                  appareil
appareiller                   appareil
appareils                     appareil
apparemment                   apparent
apparence                     apparent
apparences                    apparent
apparent                      apparent
apparente                     apparent
apparition                    apparit
apparitions                   apparit
appartement                   appart
appartements                  appart
appartenaient                 apparten
appartenait                   apparten
appartenant                   apparten
appartenir                    apparten
appartenu                     appartenu
appartiendront                appartiendront
appartiennent                 appartiennent
appartient                    appartient
appartint                     appartint
apparti^nt                    apparti^nt
apparu                        apparu
apparut                       apparut
appa^t                        appa^t
appel                         appel
appela                        appel
appelaient                    appel
appelait                      appel
appelant                      appel
appela^t                      appel
appele'                       appel
appele'e                      appel
appele'es                     appel
appeler                       appel
appele's                      appel
appelez                       appel
appelle                       appel
appellent                     appellent
appellera                     appel
appellerai                    appel
appellerait                   appel
appellerez                    appel
appelleront                   appel
appelles                      appel
appendices                    appendic
appert                        appert
appesantie                    appesant
appesantis                    appesant
appe'tit                      appet
applaudi                      applaud
applaudie                     applaud
applaudir                     applaud
applaudirent                  applaud
applaudissaient               applaud
applaudissements              applaud
applaudit                     applaud
applicables                   applic
application                   appliqu
appliqua                      appliqu
appliquait                    appliqu
applique                      appliqu
applique'                     appliqu
applique'e                    appliqu
appliquer                     appliqu
appliquez                     appliqu
appoint                       appoint
appointements                 appoint
appointe's                    appoint
apporta                       apport
apportaient                   apport
apportait                     apport
apportant                     apport
apporte                       apport
apporte'                      apport
apporte'e                     apport
apporte'es                    apport
apporter                      apport
apporterai                    apport
apporterait                   apport
apporte's                     apport
apportez                      apport
apportiez                     apport
apposa                        appos
apposer                       appos
appose's                      appos
appre'cie                     apprec
appre'cie'e                   appre'ci
appre'cier                    appre'ci
appre'cie's                   appre'ci
appre'hension                 appre'hens
apprenaient                   appren
apprenait                     appren
apprenant                     appren
apprend                       apprend
apprendra                     apprendr
apprendrais                   apprendr
apprendrait                   apprendr
apprendre                     apprendr
apprendrez                    apprendr
apprendrions                  apprendr
apprendront                   apprendront
apprends                      apprend
apprenez                      appren
apprennes                     appren
appre^tait                    appre^t
appre^ter                     appre^t
appre^tons                    appre^ton
apprirent                     apprirent
appris                        appris
apprise                       appris
apprises                      appris
apprit                        apprit
apprivoise's                  apprivois
approbation                   approb
approcha                      approch
approchaient                  approch
approchait                    approch
approchant                    approch
approche                      approch
approche'                     approch
approche'e                    approch
approchent                    approchent
approcher                     approch
approche`rent                 approch
approches                     approch
approche's                    approch
approfondie                   approfond
approprie'                    appropri
approuva                      approuv
approuve'                     approuv
approuve'e                    approuv
approuvera                    approuv
approuves                     approuv
appui                         appui
appuie                        appui
appuya                        appui
appuyaient                    appui
appuyais                      appui
appuyait                      appui
appuyant                      appui
appuye'                       appui
appuye'e                      appui
appuye'es                     appui
appuyer                       appui
a^pre                         a^pre
apre`s                        apres
april                         april
aptitude                      aptitud
aquarelle                     aquarel
aquetta                       aquet
aquilin                       aquilin
aquitaine                     aquitain
arabe                         arab
arabes                        arab
arabique                      arab
araceli                       aracel
arbitraire                    arbitrair
arbitraires                   arbitrair
arbitre                       arbitr
arbitres                      arbitr
arbore'                       arbor
arborer                       arbor
arborescentes                 arborescent
arbre                         arbre
arbres                        arbre
arbrisseaux                   arbrisseau
arc                           arc
arceaux                       arceau
arche                         arche
archet                        archet
archeve^che'                  archeve^ch
archeve^que                   archeve^qu
archeve^ques                  archeve^qu
archiduc                      archiduc
archie'piscopal               archie'piscopal
archie'piscopale              archie'piscopal
archifolle                    archifoll
archipre^tre                  archipre^tr
architecte                    architect
architecture                  architectur
archives                      archiv
arcole                        arcol
arc,on                        arc,on
ardemment                     ardemment
ardent                        ardent
ardente                       ardent
ardentes                      ardent
ardents                       ardent
ardeur                        ardeur
ardu                          ardu
are                           are
arecs                         arec
aresi                         ares
are^tes                       are^t
argent                        argent
argente'e                     argent
argile                        argil
argument                      argument
arguments                     argument
arides                        arid
arioste                       ariost
aristocrate                   aristocrat
aristocratie                  aristocrat
aristocratique                aristocrat
aristocratiques               aristocrat
arithme'tique                 arithmet
arkansas                      arkans
arlequin                      arlequin
arma                          arma
armait                        armait
armant                        armant
armateur                      armateur
armateurs                     armateur
arme                          arme
arme'                         arme'
arme'e                        arme'
arme'es                       arme'
arme'niennes                  arme'nien
arme'niens                    arme'nien
armer                         armer
armes                         arme
arme's                        arme'
armide                        armid
armoire                       armoir
armoires                      armoir
armoiries                     armoir
armonica                      armonic
armurier                      armuri
arnauld                       arnauld
arpent                        arpent
arpents                       arpent
arquebuser                    arquebus
arque'es                      arque'
arque's                       arque'
arracha                       arrach
arrachait                     arrach
arrachant                     arrach
arrache                       arrach
arrache'                      arrach
arrache'e                     arrach
arrachent                     arrachent
arracher                      arrach
arrache`rent                  arrach
arrache's                     arrach
arrange                       arrang
arrange'                      arrang
arrangea                      arrang
arrangeaient                  arrang
arrangeait                    arrang
arrange'e                     arrang
arrange'es                    arrang
arrangement                   arrang
arrangements                  arrang
arrangent                     arrangent
arranger                      arrang
arrangera                     arrang
arrangerait                   arrang
arrange's                     arrang
arre'rages                    arre'rag
arrestation                   arrest
arrestations                  arrest
arre^t                        arre^t
arre^ta                       arre^t
arre^taient                   arre^t
arre^tait                     arre^t
arre^tant                     arre^t
arre^te                       arre^t
arre^te'                      arre^t
arre^te'e                     arre^t
arre^te'es                    arre^t
arre^tent                     arre^tent
arre^ter                      arre^t
arre^tera                     arre^t
arre^terai                    arre^t
arre^terait                   arre^t
arre^te`rent                  arre^t
arre^terons                   arre^t
arre^teront                   arre^t
arre^te's                     arre^t
arre^tez                      arre^t
arre^tiez                     arre^t
arre^tons                     arre^ton
arre^ts                       arre^t
arrhes                        arrhe
arrien                        arrien
arrie`re                      arrier
arriva                        arriv
arrivai                       arriv
arrivaient                    arriv
arrivais                      arriv
arrivait                      arriv
arrivant                      arriv
arrivants                     arriv
arriva^t                      arriv
arrive                        arriv
arrive'                       arriv
arrive'e                      arriv
arrive'es                     arriv
arrivent                      arrivent
arriver                       arriv
arrivera                      arriv
arriveraient                  arriv
arriverais                    arriv
arriverait                    arriv
arrive`rent                   arriv
arriverez                     arriv
arriverions                   arriv
arriverons                    arriv
arriveront                    arriv
arrives                       arriv
arrive's                      arriv
arrivez                       arriv
arrivons                      arrivon
arrogante                     arrog
arrondies                     arrond
arrondis                      arrond
arrondissait                  arrond
arrondissement                arrond
arrondit                      arrond
arrose'                       arros
arrose'es                     arros
arsenal                       arsenal
arse`ne                       arsen
arsenic                       arsenic
art                           art
arte                          arte
arte`re                       arter
arthe'midore                  arthe'midor
article                       articl
articles                      articl
articulait                    articul
articulant                    articul
articule'e                    articul
articuler                     articul
articule's                    articul
artifice                      artific
artillerie                    artiller
artisans                      artisan
artiste                       artist
artistes                      artist
arts                          art
as                            as
ascagne                       ascagn
ascanio                       ascanio
asce'tique                    ascet
asie                          asi
asile                         asil
aspect                        aspect
aspects                       aspect
aspe'rite's                   asper
asphaltite                    asphaltit
asphyxie                      asphyx
asphyxie'                     asphyxi
aspiciam                      aspiciam
aspira                        aspir
aspirait                      aspir
aspirants                     aspir
aspirations                   aspir
aspire                        aspir
aspirer                       aspir
aspirez                       aspir
assaillaient                  assaill
assaillant                    assaill
assaillants                   assaill
assailli                      assaill
assaillie                     assaill
assaillis                     assaill
assassin                      assassin
assassinait                   assassin
assassinat                    assassinat
assassine                     assassin
assassine'                    assassin
assassiner                    assassin
assassine's                   assassin
assassins                     assassin
assaut                        assaut
assembla                      assembl
assemble'e                    assembl
assembler                     assembl
assentiment                   assent
asseoir                       asseoir
assertions                    assert
asseyaient                    assei
asseyait                      assei
asseyant                      assei
asseyez                       assei
assez                         assez
assidue                       assidu
assiduite'                    assidu
assiduite's                   assidu
assidu^ment                   assidu^
assied                        assied
assie'ge'                     assieg
assie'ge'e                    assieg
assie'ger                     assieg
assie'ge's                    assieg
assiette                      assiet
assignats                     assignat
assigne                       assign
assigne'                      assign
assigner                      assign
assirent                      assirent
assis                         assis
assise                        assis
assises                       assis
assista                       assist
assistaient                   assist
assistait                     assist
assistance                    assist
assistant                     assist
assistants                    assist
assiste                       assist
assiste'                      assist
assister                      assist
assistera                     assist
assit                         assit
associaient                   associ
association                   associ
associations                  associ
associe                       assoc
associe'                      associ
assoient                      assoient
assombri                      assombr
assombrit                     assombr
assommant                     assomm
assomme'                      assomm
assommer                      assomm
assomme's                     assomm
assommoir                     assommoir
assoupie                      assoup
assoupissantes                assoup
assoupissement                assoup
assoupit                      assoup
assourdissant                 assourd
assourdit                     assourd
assura                        assur
assuraient                    assur
assurait                      assur
assurance                     assur
assurances                    assur
assure                        assur
assure'                       assur
assure'e                      assur
assure'es                     assur
assure'ment                   assur
assurer                       assur
assurerait                    assur
assurerez                     assur
assureront                    assur
assurghur                     assurghur
aste'roi"des                  aste'roi"d
asthme                        asthme
asti                          asti
astre                         astre
astreindre                    astreindr
astreins                      astrein
astres                        astre
astrologie                    astrolog
astrologique                  astrolog
astrologiques                 astrolog
astrologues                   astrologu
astronomes                    astronom
astronomie                    astronom
astronomique                  astronom
astuce                        astuc
at                            at
atelier                       ateli
athe`nes                      athen
atlantique                    atlant
atmosphe`re                   atmospher
atome                         atom
atours                        atour
atouts                        atout
atroce                        atroc
atrocement                    atroc
atroces                       atroc
atrocite'                     atroc
attacha                       attach
attachaient                   attach
attachait                     attach
attachant                     attach
attache                       attach
attache'                      attach
attache'e                     attach
attache'es                    attach
attachement                   attach
attachent                     attachent
attacher                      attach
attachera                     attach
attacherai                    attach
attacherait                   attach
attache`rent                  attach
attache's                     attach
attaqua                       attaqu
attaquaient                   attaqu
attaquait                     attaqu
attaque                       attaqu
attaque'                      attaqu
attaque'e                     attaqu
attaquer                      attaqu
attaques                      attaqu
attaque's                     attaqu
attarde'                      attard
atteignaient                  atteign
atteignait                    atteign
atteignirent                  atteign
atteignit                     atteign
atteindrait                   atteindr
atteindre                     atteindr
atteint                       atteint
atteintes                     atteint
atteints                      atteint
attelage                      attelag
attelages                     attelag
attelait                      attel
attele'                       attel
attele'e                      attel
attele's                      attel
attelle                       attel
attenait                      atten
attenant                      atten
attenante                     atten
attend                        attend
attendaient                   attend
attendais                     attend
attendait                     attend
attendant                     attend
attendent                     attendent
attendez                      attend
attendirent                   attend
attendit                      attend
attendons                     attendon
attendra                      attendr
attendrai                     attendr
attendrait                    attendr
attendre                      attendr
attendri                      attendr
attendrie                     attendr
attendrir                     attendr
attendriraient                attendr
attendris                     attendr
attendrissant                 attendr
attendrissement               attendr
attendrit                     attendr
attends                       attend
attendu                       attendu
attendue                      attendu
attendus                      attendus
attente                       attent
attente'                      attent
attenter                      attent
attentif                      attent
attentifs                     attent
attention                     attent
attentions                    attent
attentive                     attent
attentivement                 attent
atterra                       atterr
atterrages                    atterrag
atterre'                      atterr
atterre'e                     atterr
attestaient                   attest
attie'di                      attied
attira                        attir
attiraient                    attir
attirait                      attir
attire                        attir
attire'                       attir
attirent                      attirent
attirer                       attir
attirerait                    attir
attire`rent                   attir
attire's                      attir
attitude                      attitud
attraction                    attract
attrait                       attrait
attrape'                      attrap
attrapera                     attrap
attrayant                     attrai
attrayantes                   attrai
attribuaient                  attribu
attribuait                    attribu
attribue'                     attribu
attribue'e                    attribu
attribuer                     attribu
attribuera                    attribu
attributions                  attribu
attristait                    attrist
attriste'                     attrist
attriste'e                    attrist
attrister                     attrist
attroupement                  attroup
attrouper                     attroup
au                            au
aubaine                       aubain
aubaines                      aubain
aube                          aub
auberge                       auberg
auberges                      auberg
aubergistes                   auberg
aubigne'                      aubign
aubry                         aubry
auburn                        auburn
aucun                         aucun
aucune                        aucun
aucunement                    aucun
audace                        audac
audacieuse                    audaci
audacieuses                   audaci
audacieux                     audaci
audience                      audienc
audiences                     audienc
audit                         audit
auditeur                      auditeur
auditeurs                     auditeur
auditoire                     auditoir
augmenta                      augment
augmentaient                  augment
augmentait                    augment
augmentant                    augment
augmentation                  augment
augmente                      augment
augmente'                     augment
augmente'e                    augment
augmenter                     augment
augmentera                    augment
augmenterait                  augment
augure                        augur
augurer                       augur
auguste                       august
augustes                      august
augustin                      augustin
aujourd                       aujourd
aumo^ne                       aumo^n
aumo^nes                      aumo^n
aumo^nier                     aumo^ni
aunes                         aun
auparavant                    auparav
aupre`s                       aupres
auquel                        auquel
aura                          aur
aurai                         aur
auraient                      aur
aurais                        aur
aurait                        aur
auras                         aur
aureng                        aureng
aurez                         aur
auriez                        aur
aurions                       aurion
aurons                        auron
auront                        auront
aurungabad                    aurungabad
aussi                         auss
aussito^t                     aussito^t
auste`re                      auster
auste`res                     auster
auste'rite'                   auster
austral                       austral
autant                        aut
autel                         autel
autels                        autel
auteur                        auteur
auteurs                       auteur
authenticite'                 authent
auto                          auto
automate                      automat
automatique                   automat
automne                       automn
autorisait                    autoris
autorisation                  autoris
autorisations                 autoris
autorise                      autoris
autorise'                     autoris
autorise'e                    autoris
autorisent                    autorisent
autorisera                    autoris
autoriserait                  autoris
autorite'                     autor
autorite's                    autor
autour                        autour
autre                         autr
autrefois                     autrefois
autrement                     autr
autres                        autr
autriche                      autrich
autrichien                    autrichien
autrichienne                  autrichien
autrichiennes                 autrichien
autrichiens                   autrichien
aux                           aux
auxiliaire                    auxiliair
auxquelles                    auxquel
auxquels                      auxquel
av                            av
avaient                       avaient
avais                         avais
avait                         avait
avala                         aval
avale'                        aval
avanc,a                       avanc
avanc,aient                   avanc
avanc,ait                     avanc
avanc,ant                     avanc
avance                        avanc
avance'                       avanc
avance'e                      avanc
avancement                    avanc
avancements                   avanc
avancent                      avancent
avancer                       avanc
avancera                      avanc
avancerait                    avanc
avance`rent                   avanc
avances                       avanc
avance's                      avanc
avancez                       avanc
avanie                        avan
avanies                       avan
avant                         avant
avantage                      avantag
avantages                     avantag
avantageuse                   avantag
avantageusement               avantag
avantageux                    avantag
avare                         avar
avarice                       avaric
avarie                        avar
avaries                       avar
ave                           ave
avec                          avec
avenir                        aven
aventure                      aventur
aventurent                    aventurent
aventurer                     aventur
aventures                     aventur
aventureuse                   aventur
aventureux                    aventur
avenues                       avenu
ave're'                       aver
averse                        avers
aversion                      avers
averti                        avert
avertie                       avert
averties                      avert
avertir                       avert
avertira                      avert
avertis                       avert
avertissait                   avert
avertissant                   avert
avertissement                 avert
avertit                       avert
aveu                          aveu
aveugle                       aveugl
aveugle'                      aveugl
aveugle'e                     aveugl
aveuglement                   aveugl
aveugle'ment                  aveugl
aveugles                      aveugl
aveux                         aveux
aveyron                       aveyron
avez                          avez
avide                         avid
avidement                     avid
avidite'                      avid
aviez                         avi
avilie                        avil
avilir                        avil
avilirait                     avil
avilissant                    avil
avilissantes                  avil
avilit                        avil
avions                        avion
aviron                        aviron
avis                          avis
avisa                         avis
avisais                       avis
avisait                       avis
avise                         avis
avise'                        avis
avise'e                       avis
aviser                        avis
aviserai                      avis
aviserait                     avis
aviserons                     avis
avises                        avis
avocat                        avocat
avocats                       avocat
avoine                        avoin
avoir                         avoir
avons                         avon
avoua                         avou
avouai                        avou
avouait                       avou
avoua^t                       avou
avoue                         avou
avoue'                        avou
avouent                       avouent
avouer                        avou
avouera                       avou
avouerai                      avou
avouerons                     avou
avoue's                       avou
avouez                        avou
avril                         avril
avviamento                    avviamento
away                          away
axe                           axe
ayant                         ayant
ayez                          ayez
aymon                         aymon
ayons                         ayon
azur                          azur
b                             b
bab                           bab
ba^bord                       ba^bord
babouches                     babouch
babylone                      babylon
bac                           bac
bacchus                       bacchus
back                          back
bad                           bad
badaud                        badaud
badauderie                    badauder
baden                         baden
badin                         badin
badine                        badin
bafouait                      bafou
bagage                        bagag
bagages                       bagag
bagarre                       bagarr
bagatelle                     bagatel
bagne                         bagn
bague                         bagu
bagues                        bagu
baguette                      baguet
bah                           bah
baie                          bai
baigne'                       baign
baigne'e                      baign
baigner                       baign
baigne's                      baign
bail                          bail
ba^illait                     ba^ill
ba^illant                     ba^ill
ba^illement                   ba^ill
ba^iller                      ba^ill
ba^illon                      ba^illon
bai"onnette                   bai"onnet
bai"onnettes                  bai"onnet
baisa                         bais
baisai                        bais
baisait                       bais
baisant                       bais
baise                         bais
baiser                        bais
baisers                       baiser
baissa                        baiss
baissait                      baiss
baissant                      baiss
baisse                        baiss
baisse'                       baiss
baisse'e                      baiss
baisser                       baiss
baisse`rent                   baiss
baisse's                      baiss
bajocs                        bajoc
bal                           bal
baladins                      baladin
balanc,ait                    balanc
balance                       balanc
balance'e                     balanc
balancement                   balanc
balancer                      balanc
balances                      balanc
balancier                     balanci
balaye'                       balai
balaye's                      balai
balbi                         balb
balbutia                      balbuti
balbutiant                    balbuti
balcon                        balcon
balcons                       balcon
baldaquin                     baldaquin
baldi                         bald
balivernes                    balivern
balland                       balland
ballants                      ball
balle                         ball
balles                        ball
ballet                        ballet
ballon                        ballon
balourd                       balourd
balourdise                    balourdis
balourdises                   balourdis
bals                          bal
balustrade                    balustrad
bamboches                     bamboch
bambou                        bambou
bambous                       bambous
bambousiers                   bambousi
ban                           ban
bananiers                     banani
banc                          banc
bancs                         banc
bande                         band
bande'                        band
banderoles                    banderol
bandes                        band
bandits                       bandit
bandoulie`re                  bandouli
banians                       banian
bank                          bank
banni                         bann
bannie                        bann
bannie`res                    banni
bannir                        bann
banque                        banqu
banqueroute                   banquerout
banquette                     banquet
banquettes                    banquet
banquier                      banqui
banquie`re                    banqui
banquiers                     banqui
baptise'                      baptis
bar                           bar
baraque                       baraqu
barbare                       barbar
barbares                      barbar
barbarie                      barbar
barbe                         barb
barbiche                      barbich
barbier                       barbi
barbone                       barbon
barbotement                   barbot
barbouillait                  barbouill
bare^me                       bare^m
bari                          bar
baring                        baring
bariole'e                     bariol
barnave                       barnav
barnum                        barnum
barome`tre                    barometr
barome`tres                   barometr
baron                         baron
baronne                       baron
baronnie                      baron
barons                        baron
baroque                       baroqu
barque                        barqu
barques                       barqu
barra                         barr
barre                         barr
barreaux                      barreau
barrer                        barr
barricader                    barricad
barricade's                   barricad
barrie`re                     barri
barrie`res                    barri
barthe'lemy                   barthe'lemy
bas                           bas
basalte                       basalt
base                          bas
base'e                        bas
bases                         bas
basile                        basil
basilique                     basil
basse                         bass
bassement                     bass
basses                        bass
bassesse                      bassess
bassesses                     bassess
bassin                        bassin
bassinet                      bassinet
bassins                       bassin
bassompierre                  bassompierr
bastingages                   bastingag
bastion                       bastion
bastions                      bastion
bat                           bat
bataille                      bataill
batailles                     bataill
bataillon                     bataillon
bataillons                    bataillon
ba^tardise                    ba^tardis
bateau                        bateau
bateaux                       bateau
batelier                      bateli
bateliers                     bateli
bathurst                      bathurst
ba^ti                         ba^t
ba^tie                        ba^t
ba^ties                       ba^t
ba^timent                     ba^t
ba^timents                    ba^t
ba^tir                        ba^t
ba^tis                        ba^t
ba^tissait                    ba^t
ba^tissant                    ba^t
ba^tisses                     ba^t
ba^tisseur                    ba^tisseur
ba^tit                        ba^t
ba^ton                        ba^ton
ba^tonne                      ba^ton
ba^tons                       ba^ton
bats                          bat
battaient                     batt
battait                       batt
battant                       batt
battante                      batt
battants                      batt
batte                         batt
battement                     batt
battements                    batt
battent                       battent
batterie                      batter
battez                        batt
battistin                     battistin
battit                        batt
battrai                       battr
battrais                      battr
battras                       battr
battre                        battr
battrez                       battr
battriez                      battr
battu                         battu
battue                        battu
battus                        battus
batulcar                      batulcar
baume                         baum
bavard                        bavard
bavardage                     bavardag
bavardages                    bavardag
bavarde                       bavard
bavardes                      bavard
bavards                       bavard
bayade`res                    bayader
bayard                        bayard
baylen                        baylen
bazar                         bazar
bazars                        bazar
bazin                         bazin
be                            be
be'ante                       be'
be'atitudes                   be'atitud
beau                          beau
beaucoup                      beaucoup
beauharnais                   beauharn
beaujolais                    beaujol
beaumarchais                  beaumarch
beaute'                       beaut
beaute's                      beaut
beauty                        beauty
beauvais                      beauv
beauvaisis                    beauvais
beauvoisis                    beauvois
beaux                         beau
bec                           bec
be^chait                      be^ch
be^che'                       be^ch
be^cher                       be^ch
becs                          bec
be'douin                      be'douin
beefsteacks                   beefsteack
be'gayait                     be'gai
be'har                        be'har
behind                        behind
be'kir                        bek
bel                           bel
belagio                       belagio
be'lan                        be'lan
belgique                      belgiqu
belgirate                     belgirat
belle                         bel
belles                        bel
belliqueux                    belliqu
belphe'gor                    belphe'gor
belve'de`re                   belve'der
ben                           ben
be'nare`s                     be'nares
be'ne'diction                 be'ne'dict
be'ne'dictions                be'ne'dict
benefaciendo                  benefaciendo
be'ne'fice                    be'ne'fic
be'ne'fices                   be'ne'fic
bene^t                        bene^t
bengale                       bengal
be'nis                        ben
be'nit                        ben
be'nite                       be'nit
be'nitier                     be'niti
benjamin                      benjamin
benten                        benten
bentivoglio                   bentivoglio
be'ranger                     be'rang
berceau                       berceau
bercer                        berc
be're'sina                    be're'sin
berge`re                      berger
berge`res                     berger
bernard                       bernard
berne                         bern
bertolotti                    bertolott
bertuccio                     bertuccio
besace                        besac
besanc,on                     besanc,on
besenval                      besenval
besogne                       besogn
besoin                        besoin
besoins                       besoin
be^ta                         be^t
be'tail                       be'tail
be^te                         be^t
be'tel                        be'tel
be^tement                     be^t
be^tes                        be^t
be^tise                       be^tis
be^tises                      be^tis
betrays                       betray
bettina                       bettin
beuglements                   beugl
beurre                        beurr
beuve                         beuv
be'vue                        be'vu
be'vues                       be'vu
biais                         bi
biaiser                       biais
bible                         bibl
bibliomane                    biblioman
bibliothe`que                 bibliothequ
bibliothe`ques                bibliothequ
biblique                      bibliqu
bibliques                     bibliqu
bielle                        biel
bien                          bien
bienfait                      bienf
bienfaiteur                   bienfaiteur
bienfaitrice                  bienfaitric
bienfaits                     bienfait
biens                         bien
biento^t                      biento^t
bienveillance                 bienveil
bienveillant                  bienveil
bienvenu                      bienvenu
bie`re                        bier
biftecks                      bifteck
bigarre'e                     bigarr
bijou                         bijou
bijoux                        bijoux
bilieuse                      bilieux
bilieux                       bilieux
billard                       billard
billards                      billard
billet                        billet
billets                       billet
binder                        bind
binet                         binet
biographie                    biograph
birmingham                    birmingham
bisai"eul                     bisai"eul
biscai"ens                    biscai"en
biscuit                       biscuit
biscuits                      biscuit
bisogna                       bisogn
bisons                        bison
bisontine                     bisontin
bisontins                     bisontin
bisontium                     bisontium
bitter                        bitt
bivouac                       bivouac
bivouacs                      bivouac
bivouaquaient                 bivouaqu
bizarre                       bizarr
bizarrerie                    bizarrer
bizarres                      bizarr
blackest                      blackest
blafarde                      blafard
bla^ma                        bla^m
bla^mable                     bla^mabl
bla^mables                    bla^mabl
bla^mait                      bla^m
bla^me                        bla^m
bla^me'                       bla^m
bla^me'e                      bla^m
bla^mer                       bla^m
bla^me's                      bla^m
blanc                         blanc
blanche                       blanch
blanches                      blanch
blancheur                     blancheur
blanchie                      blanch
blanchies                     blanch
blanchis                      blanch
blanchisseuse                 blanchiss
blancs                        blanc
bland                         bland
blane`s                       blanes
blason                        blason
blasphe`me                    blasphem
blasphe'me'                   blasphem
ble'                          ble'
ble^me                        ble^m
ble's                         ble'
blessa                        bless
blessaient                    bless
blessant                      bless
blesse                        bless
blesse'                       bless
blesse'e                      bless
blesser                       bless
blesserait                    bless
blesse's                      bless
blessez                       bless
blessure                      blessur
blessures                     blessur
bleu                          bleu
bleua^tre                     bleua^tr
bleua^tres                    bleua^tr
bleue                         bleu
bleues                        bleu
bleus                         bleus
bloc                          bloc
blocs                         bloc
blond                         blond
blonde                        blond
blondin                       blondin
blonds                        blond
blood                         blood
blottie                       blott
blottirent                    blott
blottit                       blott
blue                          blu
bluffs                        bluff
blushes                       blush
boat                          boat
boats                         boat
boeuf                         boeuf
boeufs                        boeuf
boire                         boir
bois                          bois
boise'                        bois
boiserie                      boiser
boisson                       boisson
boissons                      boisson
boit                          boit
boi^te                        boi^t
boi^tes                       boi^t
boiteux                       boiteux
bologne                       bologn
bombace                       bombac
bombarde'                     bombard
bombay                        bombay
bombe                         bomb
bombes                        bomb
bombe's                       bomb
bon                           bon
bona                          bon
bonaparte                     bonapart
bonapartiste                  bonapart
bonaventure                   bonaventur
bondir                        bond
bondissait                    bond
bondissant                    bond
bondit                        bond
bonds                         bond
bone                          bon
bonheur                       bonheur
bonheurs                      bonheur
bonhomie                      bonhom
bonhomme                      bonhomm
boniface                      bonifac
bonne                         bon
bonnement                     bon
bonnes                        bon
bonnet                        bonnet
bonnets                       bonnet
bons                          bon
bonshommes                    bonshomm
bonsoir                       bonsoir
bonte'                        bont
bonte's                       bont
bonzeries                     bonzer
bonzes                        bonz
booby                         booby
bord                          bord
borda                         bord
bordaient                     bord
bordait                       bord
borde'                        bord
bordeaux                      bordeau
borde'e                       bord
borde'es                      bord
bordent                       bordent
borde's                       bord
bords                         bord
bordures                      bordur
borgo                         borgo
borna                         born
bornaient                     born
bornait                       born
borne                         born
borne'                        born
bornes                        born
borone                        boron
borso                         borso
bosco                         bosco
bosse                         boss
bosses                        boss
bossi                         boss
bossuet                       bossuet
botanique                     botan
botte                         bott
bottes                        bott
bottier                       botti
bouche                        bouch
boucher                       bouch
boucherie                     boucher
bouchers                      boucher
bouches                       bouch
boucles                       boucl
boucle's                      boucl
bouclez                       boucl
bouclier                      boucli
bouddhisme                    bouddhism
bouddhiste                    bouddhist
bouder                        boud
boudeur                       boudeur
boudeurs                      boudeur
boue                          bou
bouffe                        bouff
bouffe'e                      bouff
bouffe'es                     bouff
bouffes                       bouff
bouffonnerie                  bouffonner
bouffonneries                 bouffonner
bougeait                      boug
bougeoir                      bougeoir
bouger                        boug
bougera                       boug
bougez                        boug
bougie                        boug
bougies                       boug
bougon                        bougon
bouillait                     bouill
bouillant                     bouill
bouillante                    bouill
bouilli                       bouill
bouillir                      bouill
bouillon                      bouillon
boulangers                    boulanger
boule                         boul
bouledogue                    bouledogu
boulet                        boulet
boulets                       boulet
boulettes                     boulet
boulevard                     boulevard
bouleversa                    boulevers
bouleversaient                boulevers
bouleverse                    boulevers
bouleverse'                   boulevers
bouleverse'e                  boulevers
bouleverse's                  boulevers
boulogne                      boulogn
boulons                       boulon
boulot                        boulot
bouquer                       bouqu
bouquet                       bouquet
bouquets                      bouquet
bourbeux                      bourbeux
bourbier                      bourbi
bourbiers                     bourbi
bourbons                      bourbon
bourdon                       bourdon
bourdonnement                 bourdon
bourdonnements                bourdon
bourg                         bourg
bourgade                      bourgad
bourgades                     bourgad
bourgeois                     bourgeois
bourgeoise                    bourgeois
bourgeoises                   bourgeois
bourgeoisie                   bourgeois
bourgeons                     bourgeon
bourgogne                     bourgogn
bourguignon                   bourguignon
bourguignons                  bourguignon
bourrasque                    bourrasqu
bourrasques                   bourrasqu
bourreau                      bourreau
bourreaux                     bourreau
bourre'es                     bourr
bourrele'e                    bourrel
bourre`lements                bourrel
bourse                        bours
bourses                       bours
boursicot                     boursicot
bouscule's                    bouscul
bout                          bout
boutade                       boutad
bouteille                     bouteil
bouteilles                    bouteil
boutique                      boutiqu
boutiques                     boutiqu
boutiquiers                   boutiqui
bouton                        bouton
boutonne'                     bouton
boutonnie`re                  boutonni
boutons                       bouton
bouts                         bout
bow                           bow
boxe                          box
bracelets                     bracelet
bradshaw                      bradshaw
brahma                        brahm
brahmanes                     brahman
brahmanique                   brahman
brahmaniques                  brahman
branchages                    branchag
branche                       branch
branches                      branch
brandissant                   brand
brandy                        brandy
branlante                     branl
branle                        branl
branto^me                     branto^m
bras                          bras
brasses                       brass
brasseur                      brasseur
bravade                       bravad
bravait                       brav
brave                         brav
brave'                        brav
brave'e                       brav
bravement                     brav
bravent                       bravent
braver                        brav
braverais                     brav
braves                        brav
bravi                         brav
bravissimo                    bravissimo
bravo                         bravo
bravoure                      bravour
bray                          bray
brebis                        breb
bref                          bref
brefs                         bref
brescia                       bresci
bre'sil                       bre'sil
bretagne                      bretagn
bre`ve                        brev
bre`ves                       brev
brevet                        brevet
brevets                       brevet
bre'viaire                    bre'viair
brick                         brick
bride                         brid
bride's                       brid
bridger                       bridg
bridon                        bridon
brigade                       brigad
brigadier                     brigadi
brigadiers                    brigadi
brigand                       brigand
brigands                      brigand
brigantine                    brigantin
brigham                       brigham
brighella                     brighel
brilla                        brill
brillaient                    brill
brillait                      brill
brillamment                   brill
brillant                      brill
brillante                     brill
brillantes                    brill
brillants                     brill
brille                        brill
brille'                       brill
brillent                      brillent
briller                       brill
brille`rent                   brill
brindisi                      brindis
brins                         brin
brio                          brio
brique                        briqu
briques                       briqu
brisa                         bris
brisaient                     bris
brisait                       bris
brise                         bris
brise'                        bris
brise'e                       bris
brise'es                      bris
briser                        bris
brise`rent                    bris
brises                        bris
brise's                       bris
britannique                   britann
britannise'e                  britannis
british                       british
broadway                      broadway
brocanteur                    brocanteur
brocart                       brocart
brochant                      broch
broche'es                     broch
brochure                      brochur
brocs                         broc
brode'                        brod
brode'es                      brod
broderie                      broder
broderies                     broder
brode's                       brod
bronche'                      bronch
broncher                      bronch
bronze                        bronz
brosser                       bross
brouette                      brouet
brouettes                     brouet
brougham                      brougham
brouhaha                      brouhah
brouillaient                  brouill
brouillais                    brouill
brouillard                    brouillard
brouillards                   brouillard
brouille                      brouill
brouille'                     brouill
brouille'e                    brouill
brouiller                     brouill
brouillerie                   brouiller
brouilleriez                  brouill
brouillerons                  brouill
brouilles                     brouill
brouillon                     brouillon
brouillons                    brouillon
broussailles                  broussaill
bruissement                   bruissement
bruit                         bruit
bruits                        bruit
bru^la                        bru^l
bru^laient                    bru^l
bru^lait                      bru^l
bru^lant                      bru^l
bru^lante                     bru^l
bru^lantes                    bru^l
bru^le                        bru^l
bru^le'                       bru^l
bru^le'e                      bru^l
bru^le'es                     bru^l
bru^ler                       bru^l
bru^lerait                    bru^l
bru^lerez                     bru^l
bru^le's                      bru^l
bru^lons                      bru^lon
bru^lure                      bru^lur
brume                         brum
brumes                        brum
brun                          brun
brune                         brun
bruno                         bruno
bruns                         brun
brusque                       brusqu
brusquement                   brusqu
brusquer                      brusqu
brusques                      brusqu
brut                          brut
brutal                        brutal
brutale                       brutal
brutalement                   brutal
brutalite'                    brutal
brutes                        brut
brutus                        brutus
bruxelles                     bruxel
bruyamment                    brui
bruyant                       brui
bruyante                      brui
bruyantes                     brui
bruyants                      brui
bu                            bu
bubna                         bubn
bu^cher                       bu^ch
budget                        budget
bue                           bu
buffa                         buff
buffalos                      buffalos
buffet                        buffet
buffles                       buffl
buis                          buis
buissons                      buisson
buli                          bul
bull                          bull
bulle                         bull
bulletin                      bulletin
bulletins                     bulletin
bulo                          bulo
bundelkund                    bundelkund
bungalow                      bungalow
bungalows                     bungalow
bunhyas                       bunhi
bunsby                        bunsby
buonaparte                    buonapart
buonaparte'                   buonapart
burati                        burat
burdivan                      burdivan
burdwan                       burdwan
bureau                        bureau
bureaucratique                bureaucrat
bureaux                       bureau
burhampour                    burhampour
burlesque                     burlesqu
burlington                    burlington
burning                       burning
busque'                       busqu
buste                         bust
bustos                        bustos
but                           but
butcher                       butch
butte                         butt
buvait                        buv
buvez                         buv
buvions                       buvion
buvons                        buvon
buxar                         buxar
by                            by
byron                         byron
c                             c
c,a                           c,a
c,a`                          c,a`
cab                           cab
cabale                        cabal
cabane                        caban
cabanes                       caban
cabaret                       cabaret
cabarets                      cabaret
cabine                        cabin
cabines                       cabin
cabinet                       cabinet
cabinets                      cabinet
cabotage                      cabotag
cabra                         cabr
cabrait                       cabr
cabrer                        cabr
cabriolet                     cabriolet
cacha                         cach
cachaient                     cach
cachais                       cach
cachait                       cach
cachant                       cach
cache                         cach
cache'                        cach
cache'e                       cach
cache'es                      cach
cachemire                     cachemir
cachent                       cachent
cacher                        cach
cachera                       cach
cacherai                      cach
cacherait                     cach
cacherons                     cach
cache's                       cach
cachet                        cachet
cachete'                      cachet
cacheter                      cachet
cachette                      cachet
cachettes                     cachet
cachons                       cachon
cachot                        cachot
cachots                       cachot
cacolet                       cacolet
cacolets                      cacolet
cadavre                       cadavr
cadavres                      cadavr
cadeau                        cadeau
cadeaux                       cadeau
cadenabia                     cadenabi
cadenas                       caden
cadet                         cadet
cadets                        cadet
cadette                       cadet
cadran                        cadran
cadre                         cadr
cadres                        cadr
cafe'                         caf
cafe'iers                     cafe'i
cafe's                        caf
cage                          cag
cages                         cag
cagnola                       cagnol
cahier                        cahi
cahutes                       cahut
caille'                       caill
cailles                       caill
cailloux                      cailloux
caisse                        caiss
caisses                       caiss
caissier                      caissi
caissons                      caisson
cajoleries                    cajoler
calais                        cal
calcul                        calcul
calculait                     calcul
calculant                     calcul
calculateur                   calcul
calcule'                      calcul
calcule'e                     calcul
calcule'es                    calcul
calculer                      calcul
calculs                       calcul
calcutta                      calcutt
cale`che                      calech
calembour                     calembour
calembours                    calembour
calendrier                    calendri
californie                    californ
californienne                 californien
califourchon                  califourchon
ca^line                       ca^lin
call                          call
called                        called
callyan                       callyan
calm                          calm
calma                         calm
calme                         calm
calmer                        calm
calmerai                      calm
calme`rent                    calm
calmes                        calm
calmez                        calm
calomnie                      calomn
calomnie'                     calomni
calomnie'e                    calomni
calomnie'es                   calomni
calomnier                     calomni
calomnieront                  calomni
calomnies                     calomn
calomnieuses                  calomni
calotin                       calotin
calotte                       calott
camarade                      camarad
camarades                     camarad
camarilla                     camarill
cambaye                       cambay
cambodge                      cambodg
cambrai                       cambr
cambrure                      cambrur
came'lias                     came'li
cameriere                     camerier
came'riste                    camer
camp                          camp
campagnards                   campagnard
campagne                      campagn
campagnes                     campagn
campaient                     camp
campe'                        camp
can                           can
canaille                      canaill
canal                         canal
canape'                       canap
canards                       canard
cancer                        canc
candeur                       candeur
candidat                      candidat
candidats                     candidat
candidature                   candidatur
candide                       candid
cangos                        cangos
cani                          can
caniches                      canich
canif                         canif
canne                         cann
cannelle                      cannel
cannes                        cann
canon                         canon
canonique                     canon
canonnade                     canonnad
canonniers                    canonni
canons                        canon
canot                         canot
canots                        canot
canova                        canov
canta                         cant
cantate                       cantat
cantatrice                    cantatric
cantile`ne                    cantilen
cantinie`re                   cantini
cantiques                     cantiqu
canton                        canton
cantonne'es                   canton
cantons                       canton
cap                           cap
capable                       capabl
capacite'                     capac
caparac,onne's                caparac,on
cape                          cap
capharnau"m                   capharnau"m
capillaire                    capillair
capitaine                     capitain
capitaines                    capitain
capital                       capital
capitale                      capital
capitani                      capitan
capitulation                  capitul
capon                         capon
caporal                       caporal
capot                         capot
caprice                       capric
caprices                      capric
capricieuse                   caprici
capricieusement               caprici
capricieuses                  caprici
captivait                     captiv
captivite'                    captiv
capture                       captur
capuche                       capuch
capuchons                     capuchon
capucin                       capucin
car                           car
carabine                      carabin
carabines                     carabin
carabiniers                   carabini
caracte`re                    caracter
caracte`res                   caracter
caracte'risait                caracte'ris
caracte'rise                  caracte'ris
caracte'ristique              caracte'rist
carafe                        caraf
carbonaro                     carbonaro
carbure'                      carbur
carcasse                      carc
cardif                        cardif
cardinal                      cardinal
cardinaux                     cardinal
caressa                       caress
caressait                     caress
caressant                     caress
caressants                    caress
caresse                       caress
caressent                     caressent
caresser                      caress
caresseraient                 caress
caresses                      caress
cargaison                     cargaison
caricature                    caricatur
carlino                       carlino
carlo                         carlo
carlone                       carlon
carnassiers                   carnassi
carnatic                      carnatic
carnaval                      carnaval
carnet                        carnet
carnot                        carnot
caro                          caro
caroline                      carolin
caron                         caron
caroubiers                    caroubi
carpe                         carp
carre'                        carr
carreau                       carreau
carreaux                      carreau
carre'e                       carr
carrefours                    carrefour
carre'ment                    carr
carre's                       carr
carrie`re                     carri
carrie`res                    carri
carrosse                      carross
carrosses                     carross
cars                          car
carson                        carson
carta                         cart
carte                         cart
cartes                        cart
carthage                      carthag
carton                        carton
cartons                       carton
cartouche                     cartouch
cartouches                    cartouch
cas                           cas
casa                          cas
casal                         casal
casanier                      casani
cascade                       cascad
cascades                      cascad
case                          cas
caserne                       casern
cases                         cas
casi                          cas
casimir                       casim
casino                        casino
casque                        casqu
casques                       casqu
cassa                         cass
cassait                       cass
cassandre                     cassandr
cassano                       cassano
cassa^t                       cass
casse                         cass
casse'                        cass
casse'e                       cass
casse'es                      cass
cassent                       cassent
casser                        cass
casserais                     cass
casseroles                    casserol
cassette                      casset
cassine                       cassin
castane`de                    castaned
caste                         cast
castelnovo                    castelnovo
casti                         cast
casto                         casto
castorine                     castorin
castres                       castr
castries                      castr
casuel                        casuel
casuistes                     casuist
catanzara                     catanzar
catastrophe                   catastroph
cate'chisme                   catech
catena                        caten
cathe'drale                   cathe'dral
cathelineau                   cathelineau
catherine                     catherin
cattaro                       cattaro
cauchemar                     cauchemar
cauchemars                    cauchemar
caudataire                    caudatair
causa                         caus
causait                       caus
causant                       caus
cause                         caus
cause'                        caus
cause'e                       caus
causer                        caus
causerait                     caus
cause`rent                    caus
causes                        caus
cause's                       caus
causeur                       causeur
caustique                     caustiqu
cauteleuse                    cautel
cauteleux                     cautel
caution                       caution
cautions                      caution
cavalerie                     cavaler
cavalier                      cavali
cavaliers                     cavali
cavallo                       cavallo
cave                          cav
caverne                       cavern
caves                         cav
cavi                          cav
caylus                        caylus
ce                            ce
ceci                          cec
ce'da                         ced
ce'dait                       ced
ce'dant                       ced
ce'dar                        ce'dar
ce`de                         ced
ce'de'                        ced
ce'der                        ced
ce'dera                       ced
ce'derons                     ced
ce'dez                        ced
ce`dre                        cedr
ce`dres                       cedr
ceignait                      ceign
ceinture                      ceintur
cela                          cel
ce'le'bra                     ce'lebr
ce'le'braient                 ce'lebr
ce'le'brait                   ce'lebr
ce'le`bre                     ce'lebr
ce'le'bre'                    ce'lebr
ce'le'bre'e                   ce'lebr
ce'le'bre`rent                ce'lebr
ce'le`bres                    ce'lebr
ce'le'bre's                   ce'lebr
ce'leste                      ce'lest
ce'libataires                 ce'libatair
cella                         cel
celle                         cel
celles                        cel
cellier                       celli
cellule                       cellul
celui                         celui
cendre'                       cendr
cendres                       cendr
cendre's                      cendr
cenis                         cen
censure                       censur
cent                          cent
centaine                      centain
centaines                     centain
centie`me                     centiem
centie`mes                    centiem
centime                       centim
centimes                      centim
central                       central
centrale                      central
centre                        centr
centres                       centr
cents                         cent
centuplais                    centupl
centuplait                    centupl
centuple'e                    centupl
cependant                     cepend
cercle                        cercl
cercles                       cercl
ce're'monie                   ce're'mon
ce're'monies                  ce're'mon
ce're'monieuse                ce're'moni
ce're`s                       ce'res
cerf                          cerf
cerisiers                     cerisi
certain                       certain
certaine                      certain
certainement                  certain
certaines                     certain
certains                      certain
certes                        cert
certi                         cert
certificat                    certificat
certificats                   certificat
certifiera                    certifi
certitude                     certitud
certitudes                    certitud
cerveau                       cerveau
cervelle                      cervel
ces                           ce
ce'sar                        ce'sar
cesare                        cesar
cessa                         cess
cessaient                     cess
cessait                       cess
cessant                       cess
cessante                      cess
cessation                     cessat
cesse                         cess
cesse'                        cess
cesser                        cess
cessera                       cess
cesserais                     cess
cesseras                      cess
cesse`rent                    cess
cesseront                     cess
cessiez                       cess
cessions                      cession
cet                           cet
cette                         cet
ceux                          ceux
ceylan                        ceylan
ceylandais                    ceyland
chacun                        chacun
chacune                       chacun
chagrin                       chagrin
chagrine                      chagrin
chagriner                     chagrin
chagrins                      chagrin
chai^ne                       chai^n
chai^nes                      chai^n
chai^non                      chai^non
chai^nons                     chai^non
chair                         chair
chaire                        chair
chaise                        chais
chaises                       chais
chalands                      chaland
cha^le                        cha^l
chaleur                       chaleur
chaleurs                      chaleur
cha^lon                       cha^lon
cha^lons                      cha^lon
chalvet                       chalvet
chamarre'es                   chamarr
chamarre's                    chamarr
chambellan                    chambellan
chambellans                   chambellan
chambranle                    chambranl
chambre                       chambr
chambres                      chambr
chambrette                    chambret
chameau                       chameau
champ                         champ
champagne                     champagn
champe^tre                    champe^tr
champions                     champion
champs                        champ
chance                        chanc
chancelant                    chancel
chancelier                    chanceli
chancellerie                  chanceller
chances                       chanc
chanceux                      chanceux
chandelle                     chandel
chandernagor                  chandernagor
change                        chang
change'                       chang
changea                       chang
changeaient                   chang
changeait                     chang
changeant                     chang
changeante                    chang
changeants                    chang
change'e                      chang
changement                    chang
changements                   chang
changent                      changent
changer                       chang
changerait                    chang
change`rent                   chang
changeront                    chang
change's                      chang
chanoine                      chanoin
chanoines                     chanoin
chanoinesse                   chanoiness
chanson                       chanson
chansons                      chanson
chant                         chant
chanta                        chant
chantai                       chant
chantaient                    chant
chantait                      chant
chantant                      chant
chante                        chant
chante'                       chant
chante'e                      chant
chanter                       chant
chante`rent                   chant
chante's                      chant
chanteur                      chanteur
chanteuses                    chanteux
chantiez                      chant
chantonnant                   chanton
chants                        chant
chanvre                       chanvr
chaos                         chaos
chap                          chap
chapeau                       chapeau
chapeaux                      chapeau
chapelet                      chapelet
chapelle                      chapel
chapes                        chap
chapitre                      chapitr
chapitres                     chapitr
chapons                       chapon
chaque                        chaqu
char                          char
charade                       charad
charbon                       charbon
charbonnier                   charbonni
charcot                       charcot
charge                        charg
charge'                       charg
chargea                       charg
chargeaient                   charg
chargeait                     charg
chargeant                     charg
charge'e                      charg
charge'es                     charg
chargement                    charg
charger                       charg
chargera                      charg
chargerais                    charg
chargerait                    charg
charge`rent                   charg
charges                       charg
charge's                      charg
chargez                       charg
charing                       charing
charitable                    charit
charite'                      charit
charlatanisme                 charlatan
charlatans                    charlatan
charlemagne                   charlemagn
charleroi                     charleroi
charles                       charl
charlotte                     charlott
charma                        charm
charmant                      charm
charmante                     charm
charmantes                    charm
charmants                     charm
charme                        charm
charme'                       charm
charme'e                      charm
charmer                       charm
charmes                       charm
charmier                      charmi
charpente                     charpent
charpentier                   charpenti
charrette                     charret
charrettes                    charret
charron                       charron
charrues                      charru
chars                         char
charte                        chart
chartreuse                    chartreux
chartreux                     chartreux
chas                          chas
chassa                        chass
chassaient                    chass
chassait                      chass
chassant                      chass
chasse                        chass
cha^sse                       cha^ss
chasse'                       chass
chasse'e                      chass
chassent                      chassent
chasser                       chass
chassera                      chass
chasse's                      chass
chasseur                      chasseur
chasseurs                     chasseur
chassez                       chass
cha^ssis                      cha^ss
chasuble                      chasubl
chasubles                     chasubl
chat                          chat
cha^taignes                   cha^taign
cha^taignier                  cha^taigni
cha^taigniers                 cha^taigni
cha^tain                      cha^tain
cha^tains                     cha^tain
cha^teau                      cha^teau
cha^teaux                     cha^teau
cha^tier                      cha^ti
cha^timent                    cha^t
chatouillement                chatouill
chatouilleuse                 chatouill
chats                         chat
chaud                         chaud
chaude                        chaud
chaudement                    chaud
chaudes                       chaud
chaudie`re                    chaudi
chaudie`res                   chaudi
chauffage                     chauffag
chauffaient                   chauff
chauffe'                      chauff
chauffe'e                     chauff
chauffer                      chauff
chauffeur                     chauffeur
chauffeurs                    chauffeur
chauffez                      chauff
chauffons                     chauffon
chaulnes                      chauln
chaume                        chaum
chaumie`re                    chaumi
chaumie`res                   chaumi
chaussa                       chauss
chausse'                      chauss
chausse'e                     chauss
chausse's                     chauss
chaussettes                   chausset
chaussure                     chaussur
chaussures                    chaussur
chauve                        chauv
chaux                         chaux
chavira                       chav
chavirer                      chavir
chazel                        chazel
che                           che
chef                          chef
chefs                         chef
chekina                       chekin
che'kina                      che'kin
che'lan                       che'lan
chelem                        chelem
chelles                       chel
chemin                        chemin
cheminant                     chemin
chemine'e                     chemin
chemine'es                    chemin
chemins                       chemin
chemise                       chemis
chemises                      chemis
che^ne                        che^n
che^nes                       che^n
che`nevie`re                  che`nevi
chenu                         chenu
che`que                       chequ
che`ques                      chequ
cher                          cher
chercha                       cherch
cherchaient                   cherch
cherchais                     cherch
cherchait                     cherch
cherchant                     cherch
cherche                       cherch
cherche'                      cherch
cherche'e                     cherch
cherchent                     cherchent
chercher                      cherch
cherchera                     cherch
chercherai                    cherch
chercherait                   cherch
cherche`rent                  cherch
chercherez                    cherch
cherches                      cherch
cherchez                      cherch
cherchons                     cherchon
che`re                        cher
che`rement                    cher
che`res                       cher
che'ri                        cher
che'rie                       cher
che'rir                       cher
che'ris                       cher
chers                         cher
chester                       chest
che'tif                       che'tif
che'tifs                      che'tif
che'tive                      che'tiv
cheval                        cheval
chevaleresque                 chevaleresqu
chevalerie                    chevaler
chevalier                     chevali
chevaliers                    chevali
chevaux                       cheval
chevelure                     chevelur
chevet                        chevet
cheveu                        cheveu
cheveux                       cheveux
che`vrefeuilles               che`vrefeuill
che`vres                      chevr
chevreuse                     chevreux
cheyenne                      cheyen
chez                          chez
chiaramonti                   chiaramont
chicago                       chicago
chicore'e                     chicor
chien                         chien
chiens                        chien
chiffonna                     chiffon
chiffonnait                   chiffon
chiffons                      chiffon
chiffre                       chiffr
chiffre'e                     chiffr
chiffre'es                    chiffr
chiffrer                      chiffr
chiffres                      chiffr
chili                         chil
chime`re                      chimer
chime`res                     chimer
chime'riques                  chimer
china                         chin
chine                         chin
chinois                       chinois
chinoise                      chinois
chinoises                     chinois
chiper                        chip
chiperait                     chip
chirurgicales                 chirurgical
chirurgie                     chirurg
chirurgien                    chirurgien
chlemm                        chlemm
choc                          choc
chocolat                      chocolat
choeur                        choeur
choeurs                       choeur
choisi                        chois
choisie                       chois
choisies                      chois
choisir                       chois
choisirai                     chois
choisirez                     chois
choisis                       chois
choisissait                   chois
choisissez                    chois
choisit                       chois
choix                         choix
cholin                        cholin
choqua                        choqu
choquait                      choqu
choquante                     choqu
choque                        choqu
choque'                       choqu
choque'e                      choqu
choquer                       choqu
choquera                      choqu
choqueraient                  choqu
choque`rent                   choqu
choque's                      choqu
chorus                        chorus
chose                         chos
choses                        chos
chouart                       chouart
choucroute                    choucrout
choye'                        choi
chre'tien                     chre'tien
chre'tienne                   chre'tien
chre'tiennes                  chre'tien
chre'tiens                    chre'tien
christ                        christ
christianisme                 christian
chromatique                   chromat
chronicle                     chronicl
chronique                     chroniqu
chronome`tre                  chronometr
chronome`tres                 chronometr
chronome'triquement           chronometr
chunar                        chunar
chut                          chut
chute                         chut
chute'                        chut
chutes                        chut
ci                            ci
ciceri                        cicer
cice'ron                      cice'ron
cice'ronien                   cice'ronien
ciel                          ciel
cierge                        cierg
cierges                       cierg
cieux                         cieux
cigales                       cigal
cigare                        cigar
cigares                       cigar
cigue"                        cigu
cils                          cil
cimabue'                      cimabu
cimarosa                      cimaros
cime                          cim
cimes                         cim
cimetie`re                    cimeti
cinnamome                     cinnamom
cinq                          cinq
cinquantaine                  cinquantain
cinquante                     cinqu
cinquantie`me                 cinquantiem
cinquie`me                    cinquiem
cipayes                       cipay
circe'                        circ
circonfe'rence                circonfe'rent
circonspection                circonspect
circonstance                  circonst
circonstances                 circonst
circonstancie'                circonstanci
circonvenir                   circonven
circula                       circul
circulaient                   circul
circulaire                    circulair
circulairement                circulair
circulaires                   circulair
circulant                     circul
circulante                    circul
circulation                   circul
circuler                      circul
circulerait                   circul
circumnavigation              circumnavig
cire                          cir
cirque                        cirqu
cirques                       cirqu
cisalpin                      cisalpin
cisalpine                     cisalpin
cisco                         cisco
ciseaux                       ciseau
cita                          cit
citadelle                     citadel
citaient                      cit
citait                        cit
citant                        cit
citation                      citat
citations                     citat
cite                          cit
cite'                         cit
cite'e                        cit
citer                         cit
citernes                      citern
cite's                        cit
citoyen                       citoyen
citoyennes                    citoyen
citoyens                      citoyen
citronnier                    citronni
city                          city
civil                         civil
civile                        civil
civilisation                  civilis
civilise'es                   civilis
civilise's                    civilis
civils                        civil
clair                         clair
claire                        clair
clairement                    clair
claires                       clair
clairie`re                    clairi
clairs                        clair
clairvoyance                  clairvoi
clairvoyant                   clairvoi
clairvoyante                  clairvoi
clairvoyants                  clairvoi
clameurs                      clameur
clandestin                    clandestin
clara                         clar
claret                        claret
clarte'                       clart
classait                      class
classe                        class
classe'                       class
classes                       class
classe's                      class
clause                        claus
clayonnage                    clayonnag
clef                          clef
clefs                         clef
cle'lia                       cle'li
cle'mence                     cle'menc
cle'ment                      cle'ment
clerc                         clerc
clercs                        clerc
clerge'                       clerg
clignant                      clign
climat                        climat
clin                          clin
clinquant                     clinqu
clippers                      clipper
clique                        cliqu
cliquettes                    cliquet
cloaque                       cloaqu
cloche                        cloch
clocher                       cloch
clochers                      clocher
cloches                       cloch
clochettes                    clochet
cloi^tre                      cloi^tr
clopant                       clop
clopin                        clopin
clore                         clor
clos                          clos
close                         clos
closes                        clos
clo^ture                      clo^tur
clou                          clou
cloua                         clou
cloud                         cloud
cloue'                        clou
cloue'e                       clou
clous                         clous
cloutier                      clouti
clown                         clown
clowns                        clown
club                          club
co                            co
coach                         coach
coaches                       coach
coadjuteur                    coadjuteur
coblentz                      coblentz
cocarde                       cocard
cocher                        coch
coche`re                      cocher
cochers                       cocher
cochinchine                   cochinchin
coconasso                     coconasso
cocotiers                     cocoti
cocotte                       cocott
code                          cod
coeur                         coeur
coeurs                        coeur
coffre                        coffr
coffre'                       coffr
coffres                       coffr
cohue                         cohu
coidet                        coidet
coiffa                        coiff
coiffe'                       coiff
coiffe'e                      coiff
coiffe's                      coiff
coiffure                      coiffur
coin                          coin
coi"ncidence                  coi"ncident
coins                         coin
col                           col
cola                          col
colaba                        colab
coldness                      coldness
cole`re                       coler
cole`res                      coler
colfax                        colfax
colifichet                    colifichet
colimac,on                    colimac,on
colique                       coliqu
colis                         col
collaborateurs                collabor
collait                       coll
collants                      coll
colle                         coll
colle'                        coll
collecteur                    collecteur
collecteurs                   collecteur
collection                    collect
colle`ge                      colleg
colle`gue                     colle`gu
colle`gues                    colle`gu
coller                        coll
colle's                       coll
collet                        collet
collier                       colli
colliers                      colli
colline                       collin
collines                      collin
colloque                      colloqu
colmar                        colmar
colombes                      colomb
colombier                     colombi
colonel                       colonel
colonels                      colonel
colonie                       colon
colonisateur                  colonis
coloniser                     colonis
colonnade                     colonnad
colonne                       colon
colonnes                      colon
colorado                      colorado
colore'                       color
colore'e                      color
colorie'                      colori
coloris                       color
colorno                       colorno
colossal                      colossal
colossale                     colossal
colossales                    colossal
colpa                         colp
colt                          colt
columbus                      columbus
combat                        combat
combats                       combat
combattaient                  combatt
combattants                   combatt
combattis                     combatt
combattit                     combatt
combattre                     combattr
combattu                      combattu
combattue                     combattu
combien                       combien
combina                       combin
combinaisons                  combinaison
combinant                     combin
combine'                      combin
combine's                     combin
comble                        combl
comble'                       combl
combler                       combl
comblerait                    combl
combles                       combl
combustible                   combustibl
come                          com
co^me                         co^m
come'die                      comed
come'dien                     come'dien
come'diens                    come'dien
come'dies                     comed
comestible                    comestibl
comestibles                   comestibl
comique                       comiqu
comiques                      comiqu
comite'                       comit
commanda                      command
commandaient                  command
commandait                    command
commandant                    command
commande                      command
commande'                     command
commande'e                    command
commandement                  command
commandements                 command
commander                     command
commandera                    command
commanderez                   command
commandons                    commandon
comme                         comm
commenc,a                     commenc
commenc,ai                    commenc
commenc,aient                 commenc
commenc,ait                   commenc
commenc,ant                   commenc
commence                      commenc
commence'                     commenc
commence'e                    commenc
commencement                  commenc
commencements                 commenc
commencent                    commencent
commencer                     commenc
commencera                    commenc
commencerai                   commenc
commencerait                  commenc
commence`rent                 commenc
commence's                    commenc
commencez                     commenc
commenc,ons                   commenc,on
commensal                     commensal
comment                       comment
commentaire                   commentair
commentaires                  commentair
commentateurs                 comment
commente'e                    comment
commenter                     comment
commente's                    comment
commerc,ante                  commerc
commerc,antes                 commerc
commerc,ants                  commerc
commerce                      commerc
commerciale                   commercial
commets                       commet
commette                      commet
commettent                    commettent
commettra                     commettr
commettrais                   commettr
commettre                     commettr
commis                        comm
commise                       commis
commise'ration                commiser
commissaire                   commissair
commission                    commiss
commissions                   comm
commit                        comm
commode                       commod
commode'ment                  commod
commotion                     commot
commue'e                      commu
commuer                       commu
commuera                      commu
commun                        commun
communaute'                   communaut
communaux                     communal
commune                       commun
commune'ment                  commun
communes                      commun
communicatif                  commun
communication                 commun
communications                commun
communicative                 commun
communie                      commun
communion                     communion
communiqua                    communiqu
communiquaient                communiqu
communiquait                  communiqu
communique                    commun
communique'                   communiqu
communique'e                  communiqu
communiquer                   communiqu
communs                       commun
commutation                   commut
compagne                      compagn
compagnie                     compagn
compagnies                    compagn
compagnon                     compagnon
compagnons                    compagnon
compara                       compar
comparable                    compar
comparaient                   compar
comparaison                   comparaison
comparait                     compar
comparai^trez                 comparai^tr
comparant                     compar
comparativement               compar
compare                       compar
compare'                      compar
compare'e                     compar
comparer                      compar
compartiment                  compart
compartiments                 compart
compas                        comp
compasse'                     compass
compasse'es                   compass
compatibles                   compatibl
compatriote                   compatriot
compatriotes                  compatriot
compensation                  compens
compense                      compens
compense'                     compens
compenser                     compens
compe`re                      comper
complaisait                   complais
complaisamment                complais
complaisance                  complais
complaisances                 complais
complaisant                   complais
complaisante                  complais
complaisantes                 complais
complaisants                  complais
comple'ment                   compl
complet                       complet
comple'taient                 complet
comple'tait                   complet
comple`te                     complet
comple'te'                    complet
comple`tement                 complet
comple'ter                    complet
comple`tes                    complet
complets                      complet
complication                  compliqu
complice                      complic
complices                     complic
complicite'                   compliqu
compliment                    compl
complimente'                  compliment
complimenteur                 complimenteur
complimenteurs                complimenteur
complimenteuse                compliment
compliments                   compl
complique                     compliqu
complique'                    compliqu
complique'e                   compliqu
complique'es                  compliqu
complique's                   compliqu
complot                       complot
componction                   componct
comporta                      comport
comportait                    comport
comporte                      comport
comporte'                     comport
comporte'e                    comport
composa                       compos
composaient                   compos
composait                     compos
composant                     compos
compose                       compos
compose'                      compos
compose'e                     compos
compose'es                    compos
composent                     composent
composer                      compos
composition                   composit
compositions                  composit
comprato                      comprato
comprenaient                  compren
comprenait                    compren
comprenant                    compren
comprend                      comprend
comprendra                    comprendr
comprendrai                   comprendr
comprendrait                  comprendr
comprendre                    comprendr
comprendrez                   comprendr
comprends                     comprend
comprenez                     compren
comprenne                     compren
comprennent                   comprennent
comprimant                    comprim
comprime'es                   comprim
comprime's                    comprim
comprirent                    compr
compris                       compr
comprise                      compris
comprit                       compr
compri^t                      compr
compromet                     compromet
compromets                    compromet
compromettait                 compromet
compromettant                 compromet
compromettante                compromet
compromettantes               compromet
compromette                   compromet
compromettra                  compromettr
compromettrais                compromettr
compromettre                  compromettr
compromis                     comprom
compromise                    compromis
compromises                   compromis
compta                        compt
comptabilite'                 comptabl
comptaient                    compt
comptais                      compt
comptait                      compt
comptant                      compt
compta^t                      compt
compte                        compt
compte'                       compt
compte'es                     compt
comptent                      comptent
compter                       compt
compterai                     compt
compte`rent                   compt
comptes                       compt
compte's                      compt
comptez                       compt
comptiez                      compt
comptoir                      comptoir
comptoirs                     comptoir
comptons                      compton
comte                         comt
comte'                        comt
comtes                        comt
comte's                       comt
comtesse                      comtess
comtois                       comtois
comtoise                      comtois
concentre'                    concentr
concentrer                    concentr
concentre's                   concentr
concernaient                  concern
concernant                    concern
concerne'                     concern
concert                       concert
concerte'                     concert
concerts                      concert
concession                    concess
concessions                   concess
concevaient                   concev
concevait                     concev
concevez                      concev
concevoir                     concevoir
concierge                     concierg
concilie'                     concili
concilier                     concili
concises                      concis
concitoyens                   concitoyen
conclu                        conclu
concluaient                   conclu
concluantes                   conclu
concluants                    conclu
conclue                       conclu
conclure                      conclur
conclurent                    conclurent
conclusion                    conclus
conclusions                   conclus
conclut                       conclut
conc,ois                      conc,ois
conc,oit                      conc,oit
concordance                   concord
concordant                    concord
concordat                     concordat
concourent                    concourent
concours                      concour
conc,u                        conc,u
conc,ue                       conc,u
concurrent                    concurrent
concurrents                   concurrent
conc,ut                       conc,ut
condamnable                   condamn
condamnait                    condamn
condamnant                    condamn
condamnation                  condamn
condamne                      condamn
condamne'                     condamn
condamne'e                    condamn
condamnent                    condamnent
condamner                     condamn
condamneront                  condamn
condamne's                    condamn
conde'                        cond
condescendance                condescend
condillac                     condillac
condiments                    cond
condition                     condit
conditionne'e                 condition
conditions                    condit
condole'ance                  condole'
conducteur                    conducteur
conduira                      conduir
conduirait                    conduir
conduire                      conduir
conduisaient                  conduis
conduisait                    conduis
conduisant                    conduis
conduisent                    conduisent
conduisez                     conduis
conduisit                     conduis
conduit                       conduit
conduite                      conduit
conduites                     conduit
conduits                      conduit
confection                    confect
confe'de're'                  confe'der
confe'rait                    confer
confe'rence                   confe'rent
confe'rences                  confe'rent
confe'rer                     confer
confessant                    confess
confesser                     confess
confesserai                   confess
confesseur                    confesseur
confesseurs                   confesseur
confession                    confess
confessionnal                 confessionnal
confessionnaux                confessionnal
confessions                   confess
confia                        confi
confiance                     confianc
confidence                    confident
confidences                   confident
confident                     confident
confidente                    confident
confie'                       confi
confie'e                      confi
confie'es                     confi
confier                       confi
confie's                      confi
confine'                      confin
confiner                      confin
confirma                      confirm
confirmait                    confirm
confirme'e                    confirm
confirmer                     confirm
confirme`rent                 confirm
confiscation                  confisc
confisque                     confisqu
confisque'                    confisqu
confit                        conf
confluent                     confluent
confondait                    confond
confonde                      confond
confondent                    confondent
confondre                     confondr
confondu                      confondu
confondus                     confondus
conformait                    conform
conforme                      conform
conformer                     conform
confort                       confort
confortable                   confort
confortablement               confort
confortables                  confort
confre`re                     confrer
confre`res                    confrer
confre'rie                    confrer
confucius                     confucius
confus                        confus
confuse                       confus
confuse'ment                  confus
confusion                     confus
confusions                    confus
conge'                        cong
conge'dia                     conge'di
conge'diant                   conge'di
conge'die'                    conge'di
conge'die's                   conge'di
conge'ne`res                  conge'ner
congestionne'e                congestion
congratulation                congratul
congre'ganiste                congre'gan
congre'ganistes               congre'gan
congre'gation                 congreg
congre`s                      congres
conjecture                    conjectur
conjecturer                   conjectur
conjectures                   conjectur
conjonctions                  conjonct
conjugal                      conjugal
conjugale                     conjugal
conjuguer                     conjugu
conjurait                     conjur
conjurant                     conjur
conjure                       conjur
conjure'e                     conjur
conjurer                      conjur
connais                       con
connaissaient                 connaiss
connaissais                   connaiss
connaissait                   connaiss
connaissance                  connaiss
connaissances                 connaiss
connaissent                   connaissent
connaisseurs                  connaisseur
connaissez                    connaiss
connaissiez                   connaiss
connaissons                   connaisson
connai^t                      connai^t
connai^trait                  connai^tr
connaitre                     connaitr
connai^tre                    connai^tr
connivence                    connivent
connu                         connu
connue                        connu
connues                       connu
connus                        connus
connut                        connut
conque'rir                    conquer
conque^te                     conque^t
conquis                       conqu
conquise                      conquis
conradin                      conradin
consacrait                    consacr
consacre                      consacr
consacre'                     consacr
consacre'e                    consacr
consacre'es                   consacr
consacrer                     consacr
consacrerai                   consacr
consacre's                    consacr
conscience                    conscienc
consciencieusement            conscienci
conscription                  conscript
conscrit                      conscr
conseil                       conseil
conseilla                     conseil
conseillaient                 conseil
conseillait                   conseil
conseille                     conseil
conseille'                    conseil
conseille'e                   conseil
conseiller                    conseil
conseillerai                  conseil
conseillerais                 conseil
conseillerait                 conseil
conseilleriez                 conseil
conseillers                   conseiller
conseils                      conseil
consens                       consen
consentait                    consent
consente                      consent
consentement                  consent
consentez                     consent
consenti                      consent
consentions                   consent
consentir                     consent
consentirai                   consent
consentirais                  consent
consentirent                  consent
consentit                     consent
conse'quemment                conse'quent
conse'quence                  conse'quent
conse'quences                 conse'quent
conse'quent                   conse'quent
conservait                    conserv
conservant                    conserv
conservation                  conserv
conservatoire                 conservatoir
conserve                      conserv
conserve'                     conserv
conserve'e                    conserv
conserve'es                   conserv
conservent                    conservent
conserver                     conserv
conserverai                   conserv
conserves                     conserv
conside'ra                    consider
conside'rable                 consider
conside'rablement             consider
conside'rables                consider
conside'rait                  consider
conside'rant                  consider
conside'ration                consider
conside'rations               consider
conside`re                    consider
conside're'                   consider
conside're'e                  consider
conside're'es                 consider
conside'rer                   consider
conside'rerais                consider
conside're's                  consider
consigne                      consign
consistait                    consist
consistance                   consist
consiste                      consist
consister                     consist
consola                       consol
consolaient                   consol
consolait                     consol
consolation                   consol
consolations                  consol
console                       consol
console'                      consol
console'e                     consol
consoler                      consol
consomma                      consomm
consommateur                  consomm
consommateurs                 consomm
consomme'                     consomm
consomme'e                    consomm
consommer                     consomm
consommez                     consomm
conspirais                    consp
conspirante                   conspir
conspirateur                  conspir
conspirateurs                 conspir
conspiration                  conspir
conspire'                     conspir
conspirer                     conspir
conspue'                      conspu
constamment                   const
constance                     constanc
constant                      const
constante                     const
constantin                    constantin
constants                     const
constata                      constat
constate'                     constat
constater                     constat
consternation                 constern
consterne'                    constern
consterne'e                   constern
constituait                   constitu
constitue                     constitu
constitue'                    constitu
constituer                    constitu
constituera                   constitu
constitution                  constitu
constitutionnel               constitutionnel
constitutionnels              constitutionnel
construction                  construct
construire                    construir
construisait                  construis
construit                     construit
construite                    construit
construites                   construit
construits                    construit
consul                        consul
consulaire                    consulair
consulaires                   consulair
consulat                      consulat
consulta                      consult
consultait                    consult
consultant                    consult
consultative                  consult
consulte'                     consult
consulter                     consult
consulterais                  consult
consulte's                    consult
consultons                    consulton
consume'                      consum
conta                         cont
contact                       contact
contagieux                    contagi
contais                       cont
contait                       cont
contarini                     contarin
conte                         cont
conte'                        cont
conte'e                       cont
contemplait                   contempl
contemplant                   contempl
contemplation                 contempl
contemple                     contempl
contempler                    contempl
contemplerait                 contempl
contemporains                 contemporain
contenaient                   conten
contenait                     conten
contenance                    conten
contenant                     conten
contenir                      conten
content                       content
contenta                      content
contentait                    content
contentant                    content
contente                      content
contentement                  content
contenterait                  content
contents                      content
contenu                       contenu
contenue                      contenu
contenues                     contenu
contenus                      contenus
conter                        cont
conterai                      cont
conterait                     cont
contes                        cont
contessina                    contessin
contester                     contest
conti                         cont
contiennent                   contiennent
contient                      contient
contine                       contin
continent                     continent
continental                   continental
continents                    continent
contino                       contino
conti^nt                      conti^nt
continu                       continu
continua                      continu
continuait                    continu
continuant                    continu
continuation                  continu
continue                      continu
continue'                     continu
continuel                     continuel
continuelle                   continuel
continuellement               continuel
continuelles                  continuel
continuels                    continuel
continuer                     continu
continuera                    continu
continuerait                  continu
continueront                  continu
continuez                     continu
continuite'                   continu
continuons                    continuon
contorsions                   contors
contour                       contour
contournait                   contourn
contournant                   contourn
contourne                     contourn
contours                      contour
contractait                   contract
contracte'                    contract
contracte'e                   contract
contracter                    contract
contracte's                   contract
contractions                  contract
contradictoirement            contradictoir
contradictoires               contradictoir
contraindre                   contraindr
contraint                     contraint
contrainte                    contraint
contraintes                   contraint
contraire                     contrair
contraires                    contrair
contraria                     contrari
contrariait                   contrari
contrariant                   contrari
contrarie                     contrar
contrarie'                    contrari
contrarie'e                   contrari
contrarier                    contrari
contrariera                   contrari
contrarie's                   contrari
contrarie'te'                 contrariet
contrarie'te's                contrariet
contrariez                    contrar
contrastait                   contrast
contraste                     contrast
contrastes                    contrast
contrat                       contrat
contravention                 contravent
contraventions                contravent
contre                        contr
contrebandier                 contrebandi
contrebandiers                contrebandi
contrebas                     contreb
contrebasse                   contreb
contrebasses                  contreb
contrecoup                    contrecoup
contrecoups                   contrecoup
contredanse                   contredans
contredanses                  contredans
contredirait                  contred
contredire                    contredir
contredisait                  contredis
contredisant                  contredis
contredit                     contred
contre'e                      contr
contre'es                     contr
contrefaite                   contrefait
contrefera                    contref
contrefort                    contrefort
contresens                    contresen
contresigner                  contresign
contretemps                   contretemp
contribua                     contribu
contribuai                    contribu
contribue'                    contribu
contribuer                    contribu
contribution                  contribu
contributions                 contribu
contrit                       contr
contrition                    contrit
contro^le                     contro^l
contro^ler                    contro^l
contro^les                    contro^l
contumace                     contumac
contusions                    contus
convaincre                    convaincr
convaincu                     convaincu
convaincue                    convaincu
convenable                    conven
convenablement                conven
convenables                   conven
convenaient                   conven
convenait                     conven
convenance                    conven
convenances                   conven
convenez                      conven
convenir                      conven
convenons                     convenon
convention                    convent
convenu                       convenu
convenue                      convenu
convenus                      convenus
converger                     converg
conversation                  convers
conversations                 convers
conversion                    convers
conversions                   convers
convertie                     convert
convertir                     convert
convertis                     convert
conviction                    convict
convictions                   convict
conviendra                    conviendr
conviendrait                  conviendr
conviendrez                   conviendr
conviendrons                  conviendron
convienne                     convien
conviennent                   conviennent
conviens                      convien
convient                      convient
convier                       convi
convint                       convint
convi^nt                      convi^nt
convives                      conviv
convocation                   convoc
convoi                        convoi
convois                       convois
convoitise                    convoitis
convulsif                     convuls
convulsifs                    convuls
convulsion                    convuls
convulsionnait                convulsion
convulsive                    convuls
convulsivement                convuls
coolies                       cool
copeaux                       copeau
copiait                       copi
copiant                       copi
copie                         cop
copie'                        copi
copie'e                       copi
copient                       copient
copier                        copi
copies                        cop
copieusement                  copieux
copiez                        cop
copiste                       copist
coq                           coq
coque                         coqu
coquets                       coquet
coquette                      coquet
coquetterie                   coquetter
coquetteries                  coquetter
coquille                      coquill
coquin                        coquin
coquine                       coquin
coquinerie                    coquiner
coquineries                   coquiner
coquins                       coquin
coran                         coran
corbeau                       corbeau
corbeaux                      corbeau
corbeille                     corbeil
corday                        corday
corde                         cord
cordes                        cord
cordon                        cordon
cordons                       cordon
corea                         cor
cormorans                     cormoran
cornac                        cornac
corne                         corn
corneille                     corneil
corneilles                    corneil
cornelia                      corneli
cornelii                      cornelii
cornes                        corn
corniche                      cornich
cornichon                     cornichon
cornwallis                    cornwall
corporation                   corpor
corps                         corp
corpus                        corpus
corrals                       corral
correct                       correct
correcte                      correct
correctement                  correct
correctif                     correct
correction                    correct
correctionnelle               correctionnel
corre`ge                      correg
correspondait                 correspond
correspondance                correspond
correspondances               correspond
correspondant                 correspond
correspondants                correspond
correspondre                  correspondr
corridor                      corridor
corridors                     corridor
corrigeait                    corrig
corrige'e                     corrig
corriger                      corrig
corrigerez                    corrig
corrodant                     corrod
corrompre                     corrompr
corrompu                      corrompu
corrosif                      corros
corruption                    corrupt
cors                          cor
corso                         corso
corte`ge                      corteg
cortellate                    cortellat
corve'e                       corv
cosa                          cos
cosaques                      cosaqu
cosi                          cos
cosmopolite                   cosmopolit
costume                       costum
costumes                      costum
cotait                        cot
cote                          cot
co^te                         co^t
co^te'                        co^t
coteaux                       coteau
cote'e                        cot
coterie                       coter
coteries                      coter
co^tes                        co^t
co^te's                       co^t
coton                         coton
cotonnades                    cotonnad
cotons                        coton
co^toyant                     co^toi
co^toye'                      co^toi
cotre                         cotr
cotte                         cott
cou                           cou
coucha                        couch
couchait                      couch
couchant                      couch
couche                        couch
couche'                       couch
couche'e                      couch
couchent                      couchent
coucher                       couch
coucherai                     couch
coucherait                    couch
couche`rent                   couch
couche's                      couch
couchettes                    couchet
couchez                       couch
coude                         coud
coudes                        coud
coudre                        coudr
coudrier                      coudri
couds                         coud
coulaient                     coul
coulait                       coul
coulant                       coul
coule                         coul
coule'                        coul
couler                        coul
coule`rent                    coul
couleur                       couleur
couleurs                      couleur
coulisse                      coul
coulisses                     coul
couloirs                      couloir
coulon                        coulon
council                       council
coup                          coup
coupa                         coup
coupable                      coupabl
coupables                     coupabl
coupaient                     coup
coupait                       coup
coupant                       coup
coupa^t                       coup
coupe                         coup
coupe'                        coup
coupe'e                       coup
coupe'es                      coup
coupent                       coupent
couper                        coup
couperose'e                   couperos
coupes                        coup
coupe's                       coup
coupez                        coup
couple                        coupl
couples                       coupl
couplet                       couplet
couplets                      couplet
coups                         coup
coupure                       coupur
cour                          cour
courage                       courag
courages                      courag
courageuse                    courag
courageusement                courag
courageuses                   courag
courageux                     courag
couraient                     cour
courait                       cour
courant                       cour
courants                      cour
courbait                      courb
courbe                        courb
courbe'                       courb
courber                       courb
courbes                       courb
courbe's                      courb
courbure                      courbur
coure                         cour
courent                       courent
coureur                       coureur
coureurs                      coureur
courez                        cour
courier                       couri
courir                        cour
couronnaient                  couron
couronne                      couron
couronne'                     couron
couronne'es                   couron
couronnement                  couron
couronnent                    couronnent
couronner                     couron
couronnes                     couron
courons                       couron
courrais                      courr
courrez                       courr
courrier                      courri
courriers                     courri
courrouce's                   courrouc
courroux                      courroux
cours                         cour
course                        cours
courses                       cours
court                         court
courte                        court
courtes                       court
courtier                      courti
courtiers                     courti
courtine                      courtin
courtisan                     courtisan
courtisanerie                 courtisaner
courtisanesque                courtisanesqu
courtisans                    courtisan
courts                        court
couru                         couru
coururent                     coururent
courus                        courus
courut                        courut
couru^t                       couru^t
cousait                       cous
cousin                        cousin
cousine                       cousin
cousines                      cousin
coussin                       coussin
coussins                      coussin
cousu                         cousu
cou^ta                        cou^t
cou^taient                    cou^t
cou^tait                      cou^t
cou^tant                      cou^t
cou^te                        cou^t
cou^te'                       cou^t
couteau                       couteau
couteaux                      couteau
cou^tent                      cou^tent
couter                        cout
cou^ter                       cou^t
cou^tera                      cou^t
cou^terait                    cou^t
cou^te`rent                   cou^t
cou^teront                    cou^t
coutil                        coutil
coutume                       coutum
coutumes                      coutum
couvent                       couvent
couvents                      couvent
couvert                       couvert
couverte                      couvert
couvertes                     couvert
couverts                      couvert
couverture                    couvertur
couvertures                   couvertur
couvraient                    couvr
couvrait                      couvr
couvrant                      couvr
couvre                        couvr
couvrent                      couvrent
couvrir                       couvr
couvrira                      couvr
couvrit                       couvr
crache'                       crach
cracher                       crach
craignais                     craign
craignait                     craign
craignant                     craign
craignez                      craign
craignions                    craignion
craignirent                   craign
craignit                      craign
craignons                     craignon
craindra                      craindr
craindrai                     craindr
craindre                      craindr
crains                        crain
craint                        craint
crainte                       craint
craintes                      craint
craintifs                     craintif
cramoisi                      cramois
cramoisie                     cramois
cramoisis                     cramois
crampe                        cramp
cramponne                     crampon
cra^ne                        cra^n
craquement                    craqu
crasseux                      crasseux
cravache                      cravach
cravate                       cravat
crayon                        crayon
cre'ance                      cre'anc
cre'ature                     cre'atur
cre'atures                    cre'atur
credete                       credet
cre'dit                       cred
cre'diteur                    cre'diteur
cre'dulite'                   cre'dul
cre'e'                        cre'
creek                         creek
creeks                        creek
cre`me                        crem
cre'ole                       cre'ol
cre'puscule                   cre'puscul
crescentini                   crescentin
crescentius                   crescentius
crescenzi                     crescenz
cre^te                        cre^t
creusaient                    creus
creusait                      creus
creuse'                       creus
creuses                       creus
creux                         creux
creve'                        crev
cre`vera                      crev
cri                           cri
cria                          cri
criaient                      cri
criait                        cri
criant                        cri
criante                       cri
criards                       criard
crible'                       cribl
crie                          cri
crie'                         cri
crier                         cri
crie`rent                     cri
crie's                        cri
criez                         cri
crime                         crim
crimes                        crim
criminel                      criminel
criminelle                    criminel
criminelles                   criminel
criminels                     criminel
crin                          crin
crinie`re                     crini
crinie`res                    crini
crins                         crin
cris                          cris
crise                         cris
crispe                        crisp
cristal                       cristal
cristaux                      cristal
critique                      critiqu
critique'                     critiqu
critiquent                    critiquent
critiques                     critiqu
crochet                       crochet
croie                         croi
croient                       croient
croira                        croir
croirai                       croir
croiraient                    croir
croirais                      croir
croirait                      croir
croire                        croir
croirez                       croir
croiriez                      croir
croirons                      croiron
croiront                      croiront
crois                         crois
croisa                        crois
croisade                      croisad
croisades                     croisad
croisaient                    crois
croisait                      crois
croise'                       crois
croise'e                      crois
croise'es                     crois
croisenois                    croisenois
croise's                      crois
croissaient                   croiss
croissait                     croiss
croissance                    croissanc
croissant                     croiss
croissante                    croiss
croit                         croit
croi^tre                      croi^tr
croix                         croix
cromarty                      cromarty
cross                         cross
crotte                        crott
crotte'                       crott
crotte'es                     crott
crouler                       croul
croupe                        croup
croupir                       croup
croyaient                     croi
croyais                       croi
croyait                       croi
croyance                      croyanc
croyant                       croi
croyante                      croi
croyants                      croi
croyez                        croi
croyiez                       croi
croyons                       croyon
cru                           cru
cruaute'                      cruaut
cruaute's                     cruaut
cruciales                     crucial
crucifix                      crucifix
crue                          cru
cruel                         cruel
cruelle                       cruel
cruellement                   cruel
cruelles                      cruel
cruels                        cruel
crues                         cru
cru^ment                      cru^ment
crurent                       crurent
crus                          crus
crut                          crut
cru^t                         cru^t
cueilli                       cueil
cuir                          cuir
cuirasse                      cuir
cuirasses                     cuir
cuirassier                    cuirassi
cuirassiers                   cuirassi
cuisant                       cuis
cuisante                      cuis
cuisine                       cuisin
cuisines                      cuisin
cuisinier                     cuisini
cuisinie`re                   cuisini
cuisiniers                    cuisini
cuisse                        cuiss
cuisses                       cuiss
cuistre                       cuistr
cuistres                      cuistr
cuite                         cuit
cuivre                        cuivr
cuivres                       cuivr
culbute                       culbut
culotte                       culott
culottes                      culott
culpa                         culp
culpabilite'                  culpabl
culte                         cult
cultive'e                     cultiv
cultive'es                    cultiv
cultivent                     cultivent
cultiver                      cultiv
cunard                        cunard
cunctando                     cunctando
cupidite'                     cupid
cure                          cur
cure'                         cur
cures                         cur
cure's                        cur
curieuse                      curieux
curieusement                  curieux
curieuses                     curieux
curieux                       curieux
curiosite'                    curios
custom                        custom
cuves                         cuv
cuvette                       cuvet
cygne                         cygn
cymbales                      cymbal
cynique                       cyniqu
cyr                           cyr
d                             d
da                            da
dague                         dagu
daigna                        daign
daignaient                    daign
daignait                      daign
daignant                      daign
daigna^t                      daign
daigne                        daign
daigne'                       daign
daignent                      daignent
daigner                       daign
daignera                      daign
daignerait                    daign
daigne`rent                   daign
daignerez                     daign
daignez                       daign
daily                         daily
daim                          daim
dais                          dais
dakota                        dakot
dalles                        dall
dalliance                     dallianc
dalmate                       dalmat
damas                         dam
damasquine's                  damasquin
dame                          dam
dames                         dam
damne'                        damn
damne'e                       damn
damnent                       damnent
damne's                       damn
dandin                        dandin
dandinant                     dandin
dandy                         dandy
dandys                        dandy
danger                        dang
dangereuse                    danger
dangereusement                danger
dangereuses                   danger
dangereux                     danger
dangers                       danger
dans                          dan
dansa                         dans
dansaient                     dans
dansait                       dans
dansant                       dans
danse                         dans
danse'                        dans
dansent                       dansent
danser                        dans
danse`rent                    dans
danses                        dans
danseuses                     danseux
dante                         dant
danton                        danton
darkness                      darkness
data                          dat
datait                        dat
date                          dat
date'                         dat
date'e                        dat
date'es                       dat
dates                         dat
dattiers                      datti
davantage                     davantag
davenport                     davenport
davide                        david
day                           day
days                          day
de                            de
de'                           de'
de'barqua                     de'barqu
de'barquaient                 de'barqu
de'barquait                   de'barqu
de'barquant                   de'barqu
de'barque                     de'barqu
de'barque'                    de'barqu
de'barquement                 de'barqu
de'barquer                    de'barqu
de'barque`rent                de'barqu
de'barrasse'                  de'barrass
de'barrasse'e                 de'barrass
de'barrasser                  de'barrass
de'barrasse's                 de'barrass
de'barrassez                  de'barrass
de'bat                        de'bat
de'bats                       de'bat
de'battait                    de'batt
de'battant                    de'batt
de'battrais                   de'battr
de'battre                     de'battr
de'battue                     de'battu
de'bauche                     de'bauch
debile                        debil
de'bit                        deb
de'bita                       de'bit
de'bitaient                   de'bit
de'bitant                     de'bit
de'bite                       de'bit
de'bite'es                    de'bit
de'biter                      de'bit
de'biteur                     de'biteur
de'bonnairete'                de'bonnairet
de'bordait                    de'bord
de'borde'                     de'bord
de'border                     de'bord
de'bouchaient                 de'bouch
de'bouche                     de'bouch
de'boucher                    de'bouch
de'bourse'                    de'bours
debout                        debout
de'brider                     de'brid
de'bris                       debr
de'brouille'e                 de'brouill
de'brouiller                  de'brouill
de'but                        de'but
de'buta                       de'but
de'bute                       de'but
de'bute'                      de'but
de'buter                      de'but
de'cachetait                  de'cachet
de'cachete'e                  de'cachet
de'cachete'es                 de'cachet
de'cadence                    de'cadent
de'campa                      de'camp
de'campe                      de'camp
de'campe'                     de'camp
de'camper                     de'camp
de'campons                    de'campon
de'capite'                    de'cap
de'cela^t                     de'cel
de'cembre                     de'cembr
de'cemment                    de'cent
de'cence                      de'cenc
de'cent                       de'cent
de'cente                      de'cent
de'cents                      de'cent
de'ceptions                   de'cept
de'ce`s                       de'ces
de'chai^nait                  de'chai^n
de'chai^na^t                  de'chai^n
de'chai^nement                de'chai^n
de'chai^ner                   de'chai^n
de'charge                     de'charg
de'chargement                 de'charg
de'charger                    de'charg
de'charges                    de'charg
de'chira                      dech
de'chiraient                  dech
de'chirait                    dech
de'chirant                    de'chir
de'chire                      de'chir
de'chire'                     de'chir
de'chire'e                    de'chir
de'chire'es                   de'chir
de'chirements                 de'chir
de'chirer                     de'chir
de'chire's                    de'chir
de'chirures                   de'chirur
de'choir                      de'choir
de'chu                        de'chu
de'cida                       de'cid
de'cidaient                   de'cid
de'cidait                     de'cid
de'cidant                     de'cid
de'cide                       de'cid
de'cide'                      de'cid
de'cide'e                     de'cid
de'cide'es                    de'cid
de'cide'ment                  de'cid
de'cident                     de'cident
de'cider                      de'cid
de'cidera                     de'cid
de'ciderait                   de'cid
de'cide`rent                  de'cid
de'ciderez                    de'cid
de'cimus                      de'cimus
de'cisif                      de'cis
de'cision                     de'cis
de'cisions                    de'cis
de'cisive                     de'cis
de'cius                       de'cius
de'clamer                     de'clam
de'clara                      de'clar
de'clarait                    de'clar
de'clarant                    de'clar
de'claration                  de'clar
de'clarations                 de'clar
de'clare                      de'clar
de'clare'                     de'clar
de'clare'e                    de'clar
de'clarer                     de'clar
de'clarerait                  de'clar
de'clare`rent                 de'clar
de'clare's                    de'clar
de'clarez                     de'clar
de'classe's                   de'class
de'colore'                    de'color
de'colore'e                   de'color
de'colore'es                  de'color
de'composition                de'composit
de'concerta                   de'concert
de'concertait                 de'concert
de'concerte'                  de'concert
de'concerte'e                 de'concert
de'concerter                  de'concert
de'concerte's                 de'concert
de'confit                     de'conf
de'contenance'                de'contenanc
de'convenues                  de'convenu
de'corateur                   de'cor
de'coration                   de'cor
de'core                       de'cor
de'core'                      de'cor
de'core'e                     de'cor
de'corum                      de'corum
de'couchait                   de'couch
de'coupait                    de'coup
de'coupant                    de'coup
de'coupe's                    de'coup
de'courage'                   de'courag
de'couragement                de'courag
de'couragements               de'courag
de'courager                   de'courag
de'cousus                     de'cousus
de'couvert                    de'couvert
de'couverte                   de'couvert
de'couvertes                  de'couvert
de'couverts                   de'couvert
de'couvrait                   de'couvr
de'couvrant                   de'couvr
de'couvre                     de'couvr
de'couvrir                    de'couvr
de'couvrira                   de'couvr
de'couvrirent                 de'couvr
de'couvrit                    de'couvr
de'cre'pitude                 de'cre'pitud
de'cret                       de'cret
de'crets                      de'cret
de'crire                      de'crir
de'crit                       decr
de'crivaient                  de'criv
de'crivait                    de'criv
de'crivant                    de'criv
de'crocha                     de'croch
de'daignant                   de'daign
de'daigne'e                   de'daign
de'daigneuse                  de'daign
de'daigneux                   de'daign
de'dain                       de'dain
de'dains                      de'dain
dedans                        dedan
de'dommageait                 de'dommag
de'dommagement                de'dommag
de'dommagent                  de'dommagent
de'dommagerez                 de'dommag
de'duire                      de'duir
de'duisit                     de'duis
deem                          deem
deeper                        deep
de'esse                       de'ess
de'faillante                  de'faill
de'faillir                    de'faill
de'faire                      de'fair
de'fais                       def
de'faisait                    de'fais
de'fait                       def
de'faite                      de'fait
de'faites                     de'fait
de'fasse                      def
de'faut                       de'faut
de'fauts                      de'faut
de'faveur                     de'faveur
de'favorable                  de'favor
de'fection                    de'fect
de'fend                       de'fend
de'fendaient                  de'fend
de'fendait                    de'fend
de'fendant                    de'fend
de'fende                      de'fend
de'fendent                    de'fendent
de'fendez                     de'fend
de'fendit                     de'fend
de'fendons                    de'fendon
de'fendre                     de'fendr
de'fends                      de'fend
de'fendu                      de'fendu
de'fendue                     de'fendu
de'fendues                    de'fendu
de'fense                      de'fens
de'fenses                     de'fens
de'fenseurs                   de'fenseur
de'fensive                    de'fens
de'ferai                      def
de'fe'rence                   de'fe'rent
de'fiait                      de'fi
de'fiance                     de'fianc
de'fiant                      de'fi
de'fie                        def
de'figurait                   de'figur
de'figure'                    de'figur
de'fila                       de'fil
de'file'                      de'fil
de'filer                      de'fil
de'file's                     de'fil
de'finissable                 de'finiss
de'finitive                   de'finit
de'finitivement               de'finit
de'fit                        def
de'fonce`rent                 de'fonc
de'froque                     de'froqu
de'funt                       de'funt
de'gage'                      de'gag
de'gagea                      de'gag
de'gage'e                     de'gag
de'gagement                   de'gag
de'gager                      de'gag
de'ga^t                       deg
de'ge'ne're'                  de'ge'ner
de'gou^t                      de'gou^t
de'gou^tant                   de'gou^t
de'gou^tante                  de'gou^t
de'gou^te'                    de'gou^t
de'gou^te'e                   de'gou^t
de'grade'e                    de'grad
de'gradent                    de'gradent
de'grader                     de'grad
degre'                        degr
degre's                       degr
de'grisa                      de'gris
de'guenille'e                 de'guenill
de'guerpir                    de'guerp
de'guisa                      de'guis
de'guisait                    de'guis
de'guise                      de'guis
de'guise'                     de'guis
de'guise'e                    de'guis
de'guisement                  de'guis
de'guiser                     de'guis
de'guise`rent                 de'guis
de'guise's                    de'guis
dehors                        dehor
de'ja`                        de'ja`
de'jete'es                    de'jet
de'jeuna                      de'jeun
de'jeunait                    de'jeun
de'jeunant                    de'jeun
de'jeune'                     de'jeun
de'jeuner                     de'jeun
de'jeune`rent                 de'jeun
de'jeunons                    de'jeunon
de'jouer                      de'jou
de'joue's                     de'jou
del                           del
dela`                         dela`
de'labre'                     de'labr
de'labre'e                    de'labr
de'labrement                  de'labr
de'lai                        del
de'lais                       del
de'laisse'                    de'laiss
de'lasser                     de'lass
de'lations                    de'lat
delavigne                     delavign
de'laye'                      de'lai
de'le'gation                  de'leg
de'libe'ra                    de'liber
de'libe'ration                de'liber
de'libe'rer                   de'liber
de'libe'rons                  de'libe'ron
de'licat                      de'licat
de'licate                     de'licat
de'licates                    de'licat
de'licatesse                  de'licatess
de'licats                     de'licat
de'lices                      de'lic
de'licieuse                   de'lici
de'licieusement               de'lici
de'licieuses                  de'lici
de'licieux                    de'lici
de'lier                       de'li
delille                       delill
de'lire                       de'lir
de'lit                        del
de'livra                      de'livr
de'livrance                   de'livr
de'livre                      de'livr
de'livre'                     de'livr
de'livre'e                    de'livr
de'livrer                     de'livr
de'livrera                    de'livr
dell                          del
della                         del
demain                        demain
demanda                       demand
demandai                      demand
demandaient                   demand
demandais                     demand
demandait                     demand
demandant                     demand
demande                       demand
demande'                      demand
demande'e                     demand
demande'es                    demand
demander                      demand
demandera                     demand
demanderai                    demand
demanderaient                 demand
demanderait                   demand
demande`rent                  demand
demanderont                   demand
demandes                      demand
demande's                     demand
demandez                      demand
demandiez                     demand
demandons                     demandon
de'mantele'                   de'mantel
de'marche                     de'march
de'marches                    de'march
de'marquer                    de'marqu
de'masquer                    de'masqu
de'me^loir                    de'me^loir
de'me'nager                   de'me'nag
de'menaient                   de'men
de'menait                     de'men
de'menti                      de'ment
de'mentir                     de'ment
de'mentis                     de'ment
de'mesure'e                   de'mesur
demesurement                  demesur
de'mesure'ment                de'mesur
demeura                       demeur
demeurait                     demeur
demeure                       demeur
demeure'                      demeur
demeurer                      demeur
demeurerait                   demeur
demeure`rent                  demeur
demeure's                     demeur
demi                          dem
demie                         dem
de'mission                    de'miss
de'mit                        dem
demoiselle                    demoisel
demoiselles                   demoisel
de'molir                      de'mol
de'molissent                  de'mol
de'molition                   de'molit
de'mon                        de'mon
de'monstration                de'monstr
de'monte'                     de'mont
de'monte'e                    de'mont
de'monter                     de'mont
de'monte's                    de'mont
de'montra                     de'montr
de'montrait                   de'montr
de'montre'                    de'montr
de'nature'e                   de'natur
deniers                       deni
de'nigrement                  de'nigr
de'nomination                 de'nomin
de'nonc,ait                   de'nonc
de'nonce                      de'nonc
de'nonce'                     de'nonc
de'noncer                     de'nonc
de'noncera                    de'nonc
de'noncez                     de'nonc
de'nonciateur                 de'nonci
de'nonciation                 de'nonci
de'nonciations                de'nonci
de'notaient                   de'not
de'notait                     de'not
de'noter                      de'not
de'nouement                   de'nou
de'nou^ment                   de'nou^
densite'                      densit
dent                          dent
dentelle                      dentel
dentelles                     dentel
dents                         dent
de'nue'                       de'nu
de'nue'es                     de'nu
denver                        denv
deo                           deo
de'parait                     de'par
de'parant                     de'par
de'pare'e                     de'par
de'pareille'                  de'pareil
de'part                       de'part
de'partement                  de'part
de'passaient                  de'pass
de'passait                    de'pass
de'passe                      dep
de'passe'                     de'pass
de'passe'es                   de'pass
de'passer                     de'pass
de'passe's                    de'pass
de'pe^cha                     de'pe^ch
de'pe^che                     de'pe^ch
de'pe^che'                    de'pe^ch
de'pe^ches                    de'pe^ch
de'pe^chez                    de'pe^ch
de'pe^chons                   de'pe^chon
de'peint                      de'peint
de'peintes                    de'peint
de'penaille'                  de'penaill
de'pend                       de'pend
de'pendait                    de'pend
de'pendance                   de'pend
de'pendant                    de'pend
de'pendre                     de'pendr
de'pendu                      de'pendu
de'pens                       de'pen
de'pensait                    de'pens
de'pense                      de'pens
de'pense'                     de'pens
de'pense'es                   de'pens
de'penser                     de'pens
de'penses                     de'pens
de'pe'rir                     de'per
de'peuple`rent                de'peupl
de'piste'                     de'pist
de'piste'es                   de'pist
de'pister                     de'pist
de'pit                        dep
de'pite'e                     de'pit
de'plac,ait                   de'plac
de'place                      de'plac
de'place'                     de'plac
de'place'es                   de'plac
de'placement                  de'plac
de'plairais                   de'plair
de'plaire                     de'plair
de'plairez                    de'plair
de'plaisait                   de'plais
de'plaise                     de'plais
de'plaisent                   de'plaisent
de'plaisir                    de'plais
de'plai^t                     de'plai^t
de'pliage                     de'pliag
de'ploie                      de'ploi
de'ploierais                  de'ploi
de'plorable                   de'plor
de'plorables                  de'plor
de'plorait                    de'plor
de'plore'                     de'plor
de'ploya                      de'ploi
de'ployaient                  de'ploi
de'ploye'                     de'ploi
de'ploye'e                    de'ploi
de'ployer                     de'ploi
de'plu                        de'plu
de'plut                       de'plut
de'porta                      de'port
de'porte's                    de'port
de'posa                       de'pos
de'posait                     de'pos
de'posant                     de'pos
de'posa^t                     de'pos
de'pose                       de'pos
de'pose'                      de'pos
de'pose'e                     de'pos
de'pose'es                    de'pos
de'poser                      de'pos
de'pose`rent                  de'pos
de'pose's                     de'pos
de'positaire                  de'positair
de'position                   de'posit
de'positions                  de'posit
de'posse'de'                  de'possed
de'po^t                       de'po^t
de'po^ts                      de'po^t
de'pouillait                  de'pouill
de'pouille                    de'pouill
de'pouille'                   de'pouill
de'pouiller                   de'pouill
de'pourvu                     de'pourvu
de'pression                   de'press
de'pressions                  de'press
de'prime'e                    de'prim
depuis                        depuis
de'putation                   de'put
de'pute'                      de'put
de'pute's                     de'put
de'raillement                 de'raill
de'raillements                de'raill
de'raison                     de'raison
de'raisonnable                de'raison
de'raisonnables               de'raison
de'raisonner                  de'raison
de'range'                     de'rang
de'rangeait                   de'rang
de'rangements                 de'rang
de'ranger                     de'rang
de'range's                    de'rang
derechef                      derechef
de'ridait                     de'rid
de'rision                     de'ris
dernier                       derni
dernie`re                     derni
dernieres                     dernier
dernie`res                    derni
derniers                      derni
de'robaient                   de'rob
de'robe'                      de'rob
de'robe'e                     de'rob
de'rober                      de'rob
de'roberait                   de'rob
de'roger                      de'rog
de'roula                      de'roul
de'roulant                    de'roul
de'roule`rent                 de'roul
de'route                      de'rout
derrie`re                     derri
derville                      dervill
des                           de
de`s                          des
de'sabuse'                    de'sabus
de'sagre'able                 de'sagre'
de'sagre'ablement             de'sagre'
de'sagre'ables                de'sagre'
de'sagre'ment                 de'sagr
de'sagre'ments                de'sagr
desaix                        desaix
de'salte're'                  de'salter
de'sappointe'                 de'sappoint
de'sappointement              de'sappoint
de'sapprouver                 de'sapprouv
de'sarme'                     de'sarm
de'sarmer                     de'sarm
de'sastre                     de'sastr
de'sastres                    de'sastr
de'savantage                  de'savantag
de'savantages                 de'savantag
de'savoue                     de'savou
desceller                     descel
descend                       descend
descendaient                  descend
descendait                    descend
descendant                    descend
descendante                   descend
descendants                   descend
descende                      descend
descendent                    descendent
descendirent                  descend
descendit                     descend
descendrait                   descendr
descendre                     descendr
descendrez                    descendr
descends                      descend
descendu                      descendu
descendue                     descendu
descendus                     descendus
descente                      descent
descoulis                     descoul
description                   descript
descriptions                  descript
de'sennuyait                  de'sennui
de'sennuyer                   de'sennui
de'sert                       de'sert
de'sertais                    de'sert
de'serte                      de'sert
de'serte'                     de'sert
de'serter                     de'sert
de'sertes                     de'sert
de'serteur                    de'serteur
de'sertez                     de'sert
de'sertion                    de'sert
de'sespe'rais                 de'sesper
de'sespe'rait                 de'sesper
de'sespe'rant                 de'sesper
de'sespe'rante                de'sesper
de'sespe'rants                de'sesper
de'sespe`re                   de'sesper
de'sespe're'                  de'sesper
de'sespe're'e                 de'sesper
de'sespe'rer                  de'sesper
de'sespoir                    de'sespoir
de'shabillaient               de'shabill
de'shabiller                  de'shabill
de'shonneur                   de'shonneur
de'shonorait                  de'shonor
de'shonorant                  de'shonor
de'shonorante                 de'shonor
de'shonore                    de'shonor
de'shonore'                   de'shonor
de'shonore'e                  de'shonor
de'shonorent                  de'shonorent
de'shonorer                   de'shonor
de'shonorez                   de'shonor
de'signant                    de'sign
de'signe                      de'sign
de'signe'                     de'sign
de'signer                     de'sign
de'signe`rent                 de'sign
de'signe's                    de'sign
de'signez                     de'sign
de'sinte'resse                de'sinte'ress
de'sinte'resse'               de'sinte'ress
de'sinte'resse'es             de'sinte'ress
de'sinte'ressement            de'sinte'ress
de'sinte're^t                 de'sinte're^t
de'sir                        des
de'sira                       des
de'sirable                    de'sir
de'sirait                     des
de'sire                       de'sir
de'sire'                      de'sir
de'sire'e                     de'sir
de'sire'es                    de'sir
de'sirent                     des
de'sirer                      de'sir
de'sirerais                   de'sir
de'sirez                      des
de'sirs                       de'sir
de'sobe'i                     de'sobe'i
de'sobe'issante               de'sobe'iss
de'soblige                    de'soblig
de'sobligeante                de'soblig
de'sobligeants                de'soblig
de'soeuvrement                de'soeuvr
de'solait                     de'sol
de'solant                     de'sol
de'solation                   de'sol
de'sole                       de'sol
de'sole'                      de'sol
de'sole'e                     de'sol
de'sordonne'e                 de'sordon
de'sordonne's                 de'sordon
de'sordre                     de'sordr
de'soriente'                  de'sorient
de'sormais                    de'sorm
despote                       despot
despotes                      despot
despotique                    despot
despotiquement                despot
despotiques                   despot
despotisme                    despot
despotismes                   despot
desquelles                    desquel
desquels                      desquel
desse'chant                   dessech
desse'che'                    dessech
desse'che'e                   dessech
dessein                       dessein
desseins                      dessein
dessert                       dessert
desservait                    desserv
desservant                    desserv
desservi                      desserv
dessiller                     dessill
dessille`rent                 dessill
dessin                        dessin
dessina                       dessin
dessinaient                   dessin
dessinait                     dessin
dessine                       dessin
dessine'                      dessin
dessinent                     dessinent
dessiner                      dessin
dessins                       dessin
dessous                       dessous
dessus                        dessus
destin                        destin
destinait                     destin
destination                   destin
destine                       destin
destine'                      destin
destine'e                     destin
destine'es                    destin
destine's                     destin
destins                       destin
destitua                      destitu
destitue'                     destitu
destituer                     destitu
destituera                    destitu
destituerai                   destitu
destitution                   destitu
de'sunir                      de'sun
de'tacha                      de'tach
de'tachaient                  de'tach
de'tachait                    de'tach
de'tachant                    de'tach
de'tache                      de'tach
de'tache'                     de'tach
de'tache'e                    de'tach
de'tache'es                   de'tach
de'tachement                  de'tach
de'tacher                     de'tach
de'tache`rent                 de'tach
de'tail                       de'tail
de'tailla                     de'taill
de'taillant                   de'taill
de'taille                     de'taill
de'taille'                    de'taill
de'taille'e                   de'taill
de'taille'es                  de'taill
de'tailler                    de'taill
de'tails                      de'tail
de'taler                      de'tal
de'tective                    de'tect
de'tectives                   de'tect
de'tendu                      de'tendu
de'tendue                     de'tendu
de'tendus                     de'tendus
de'tente                      de'tent
de'tention                    de'tent
de'tenus                      de'tenus
de'termina                    de'termin
de'terminaient                de'termin
de'terminait                  de'termin
de'termina^t                  de'termin
de'termination                de'termin
de'terminations               de'termin
de'termine'                   de'termin
de'termine'es                 de'termin
de'terminer                   de'termin
de'terminera                  de'termin
de'terrer                     de'terr
de'testable                   de'test
de'testables                  de'test
de'testaient                  de'test
de'testait                    de'test
de'teste                      de'test
de'teste'                     de'test
de'testent                    de'testent
de'tester                     de'test
de'testerez                   de'test
de'tonation                   de'ton
de'tonations                  de'ton
de'tour                       de'tour
de'tourna                     de'tourn
de'tournaient                 de'tourn
de'tourne'                    de'tourn
de'tours                      de'tour
de'traquer                    de'traqu
de'tresse                     de'tress
de'triment                    detr
de'troit                      de'troit
de'trompe'                    de'tromp
de'truire                     de'truir
de'truisaient                 de'truis
de'truisit                    de'truis
de'truit                      de'truit
de'truites                    de'truit
de'truits                     de'truit
dette                         det
dettes                        det
deuil                         deuil
deuils                        deuil
deum                          deum
deux                          deux
deuxie`me                     deuxiem
devaient                      dev
devais                        dev
devait                        dev
devanc,ant                    devanc
devancer                      devanc
devant                        dev
devants                       dev
de'veloppa                    de'velopp
de'veloppaient                de'velopp
de'veloppait                  de'velopp
de'veloppe'e                  de'velopp
de'veloppement                de'velopp
devenaient                    deven
devenais                      deven
devenait                      deven
devenant                      deven
devenez                       deven
devenir                       deven
devenu                        devenu
devenue                       devenu
devenus                       devenus
de'verse                      de'vers
de'verser                     de'vers
devez                         dev
deviendra                     deviendr
deviendrai                    deviendr
deviendraient                 deviendr
deviendrais                   deviendr
deviendrait                   deviendr
deviendrez                    deviendr
deviendriez                   deviendr
deviennent                    deviennent
deviens                       devien
devient                       devient
deviez                        dev
devina                        devin
devinait                      devin
devinant                      devin
devine                        devin
devine'                       devin
devine'e                      devin
devine'es                     devin
deviner                       devin
devinera                      devin
devinerait                    devin
devineront                    devin
devines                       devin
devinez                       devin
devi^nmes                     devi^nm
devinrent                     devinrent
devins                        devin
devint                        devint
devis                         dev
de'visageait                  de'visag
de'visager                    de'visag
de'visser                     de'viss
devo                          devo
de'voile'                     de'voil
devoir                        devoir
devoirs                       devoir
devons                        devon
de'vora                       de'vor
de'voraient                   de'vor
de'vorait                     de'vor
de'vorante                    de'vor
de'vora^t                     de'vor
de'vore                       de'vor
de'vore'                      de'vor
de'vore'e                     de'vor
de'vorer                      de'vor
de'voreront                   de'vor
de'vore's                     de'vor
devoret                       devoret
de'vorez                      de'vor
de'vot                        de'vot
de'vote                       de'vot
de'votement                   de'vot
de'votes                      de'vot
de'votion                     de'vot
de'vots                       de'vot
de'voue'                      de'vou
de'voue'e                     de'vou
de'vouement                   de'vou
de'vouements                  de'vou
de'vouer                      de'vou
de'voue's                     de'vou
devra                         devr
devrai                        devr
devraient                     devr
devrais                       devr
devrait                       devr
devriez                       devr
devrons                       devron
devront                       devront
di                            di
diable                        diabl
diables                       diabl
diacre                        diacr
dialogue                      dialogu
dialogues                     dialogu
diamant                       diam
diamante'                     diamant
diamants                      diam
diane                         dian
diar                          diar
dicta                         dict
dictait                       dict
dictateur                     dictateur
dicte'                        dict
dicte'e                       dict
dicte'es                      dict
dicter                        dict
dicte's                       dict
diction                       diction
dictionnaire                  dictionnair
dicton                        dicton
diderot                       diderot
didon                         didon
diego                         diego
die`gue                       die`gu
dieu                          dieu
dieux                         dieux
diffe'rence                   diffe'rent
diffe'rences                  diffe'rent
diffe'rend                    diffe'rend
diffe'rends                   diffe'rend
diffe'rent                    diffe'rent
diffe`rent                    diff
diffe'rente                   diffe'rent
diffe'rentes                  diffe'rent
diffe'rents                   diffe'rent
diffe'rer                     differ
difficile                     difficil
difficilement                 difficil
difficiles                    difficil
difficulte'                   difficult
difficulte's                  difficult
difficultueux                 difficultu
difforme                      difform
dige`re                       diger
digne                         dign
dignement                     dign
dignes                        dign
dignite'                      dignit
dignite's                     dignit
digue                         digu
dijon                         dijon
dilettanti                    dilettant
diligence                     diligent
diligente                     diligent
dimanche                      dimanch
dimanches                     dimanch
di^me                         di^m
dimension                     dimens
dimensions                    dimens
diminua                       diminu
diminuaient                   diminu
diminuait                     diminu
diminuant                     diminu
diminue                       diminu
diminue'                      diminu
diminue'e                     diminu
diminuer                      diminu
diminution                    diminu
di^na                         di^n
di^nait                       di^n
di^nant                       di^n
dindon                        dindon
di^ne'                        di^n
di^ne'e                       di^n
di^ne'es                      di^n
di^nent                       di^nent
di^ner                        di^n
di^nerai                      di^n
di^nerait                     di^n
di^ne`rent                    di^n
di^ners                       di^ner
dioce`se                      dioces
diplomate                     diplomat
diplomates                    diplomat
diplomatie                    diplomat
diplomatique                  diplomat
diplomatiquement              diplomat
diplomatiques                 diplomat
dira                          dir
dirai                         dir
diraient                      dir
dirais                        dir
dirait                        dir
diras                         dir
dire                          dir
direct                        direct
directe                       direct
directement                   direct
directes                      direct
directeur                     directeur
direction                     direct
directions                    direct
directoire                    directoir
directs                       direct
dirent                        dirent
direz                         dir
dirige                        dirig
dirige'                       dirig
dirigea                       dirig
dirigeait                     dirig
dirigeant                     dirig
dirigeante                    dirig
dirige'e                      dirig
dirige'es                     dirig
dirigent                      dirigent
diriger                       dirig
dirigerait                    dirig
dirige`rent                   dirig
dirige's                      dirig
dirigez                       dirig
dirions                       dirion
dirons                        diron
diront                        diront
dis                           dis
disaient                      dis
disais                        dis
disait                        dis
disant                        dis
disc                          disc
discerna                      discern
disciple                      discipl
disciples                     discipl
discontinuaient               discontinu
discontinuer                  discontinu
disconvenir                   disconven
discordant                    discord
discours                      discour
discret                       discret
discre`te                     discret
discre'tion                   discret
discrets                      discret
discussion                    discuss
discussions                   discuss
discuta                       discut
discutaient                   discut
discutait                     discut
discutant                     discut
discute                       discut
discute'e                     discut
discuter                      discut
discute`rent                  discut
discute's                     discut
dise                          dis
disent                        disent
disgra^ce                     disgra^c
disgracie                     disgrac
disgracie'                    disgraci
disgracierez                  disgraci
disinvoltura                  disinvoltur
disloque'                     disloqu
disparaissaient               disparaiss
disparaissait                 disparaiss
disparaissent                 disparaissent
disparai^t                    disparai^t
disparai^tre                  disparai^tr
disparition                   disparit
disparu                       disparu
disparurent                   disparurent
disparussent                  disparussent
disparut                      disparut
dispendieuses                 dispendi
dispense'                     dispens
dispenser                     dispens
dispersaient                  dispers
disperse's                    dispers
dispos                        dispos
disposa                       dispos
disposaient                   dispos
disposait                     dispos
dispose                       dispos
dispose'                      dispos
dispose'e                     dispos
dispose'es                    dispos
disposer                      dispos
dispose's                     dispos
disposez                      dispos
disposition                   disposit
dispositions                  disposit
disposons                     disposon
disproportion                 disproport
disputa                       disput
disputaient                   disput
disputait                     disput
dispute                       disput
disputer                      disput
dispute`rent                  disput
disputons                     disputon
disque                        disqu
dissembles                    dissembl
dissent                       dissent
disse'que'e                   dissequ
dissertation                  dissert
dissertations                 dissert
disserte                      dissert
dissimulaient                 dissimul
dissimulait                   dissimul
dissimulant                   dissimul
dissimule                     dissimul
dissimule'e                   dissimul
dissimuler                    dissimul
dissimulerai                  dissimul
dissimulerons                 dissimul
dissimulons                   dissimulon
dissipait                     dissip
dissipation                   dissip
dissipations                  dissip
dissipe'                      dissip
dissipe'e                     dissip
dissipe'es                    dissip
dissiper                      dissip
dissipe`rent                  dissip
dissolution                   dissolu
distance                      distanc
distance'                     distanc
distances                     distanc
distant                       dist
distille'e                    distill
distinctement                 distinct
distinctes                    distinct
distinction                   distinct
distinctions                  distinct
distincts                     distinct
distinguaient                 distingu
distinguait                   distingu
distinguant                   distingu
distingue                     distingu
distingue'                    distingu
distingue'e                   distingu
distingue'es                  distingu
distinguer                    distingu
distingue's                   distingu
distinguons                   distinguon
distraction                   distract
distractions                  distract
distrairait                   distrair
distraire                     distrair
distrait                      distr
distraite                     distrait
distraites                    distrait
distrayaient                  distrai
distrayait                    distrai
distribua                     distribu
distribuait                   distribu
distribue                     distribu
distribue'                    distribu
distribuent                   distribuent
distribuer                    distribu
distribuez                    distribu
distribution                  distribu
distributions                 distribu
distributive                  distribut
dit                           dit
di^t                          di^t
dite                          dit
dites                         dit
dithyrambe                    dithyramb
dits                          dit
diurne                        diurn
divan                         divan
divers                        diver
diverses                      divers
diversion                     divers
divertir                      divert
divertissant                  divert
divertissements               divert
divin                         divin
divine                        divin
divinite'                     divin
divins                        divin
divisa                        divis
divisait                      divis
divise                        divis
divise'                       divis
divise'e                      divis
divise'es                     divis
divise`rent                   divis
divise's                      divis
division                      divis
divisions                     divis
divulguer                     divulgu
dix                           dix
dixerunt                      dixerunt
dixie`me                      dixiem
dizaine                       dizain
do                            do
docilite'                     docil
docks                         dock
docteur                       docteur
doctrine                      doctrin
doctrines                     doctrin
document                      docu
documents                     docu
dodge                         dodg
doge                          dog
dogmatiquement                dogmat
dogme                         dogm
doigt                         doigt
doigts                        doigt
dois                          dois
doit                          doit
doivent                       doivent
dolci                         dolc
do^le                         do^l
dole'ances                    dole'anc
dollar                        dollar
dollars                       dollar
dolman                        dolman
domaine                       domain
domaniale                     domanial
do^me                         do^m
domesticite'                  domest
domestique                    domest
domestique'                   domestiqu
domestiques                   domest
domicile                      domicil
domina                        domin
dominaient                    domin
dominait                      domin
dominant                      domin
dominante                     domin
dominateur                    domin
domination                    domin
domine                        domin
domine'                       domin
domine'e                      domin
domingue                      domingu
domini                        domin
dommage                       dommag
dommages                      dommag
dompte'                       dompt
dompter                       dompt
don                           don
donation                      donat
donc                          donc
dongo                         dongo
donjon                        donjon
donna                         don
donnai                        don
donnaient                     don
donnait                       don
donnant                       don
donnassent                    don
donna^t                       don
donna^tes                     don
donne                         don
donne'                        don
donne'e                       don
donne'es                      don
donnent                       donnent
donner                        don
donnera                       don
donnerai                      don
donneraient                   don
donnerais                     don
donnerait                     don
donneras                      don
donne`rent                    don
donnerez                      don
donneriez                     don
donneront                     don
donnes                        don
donne's                       don
donneur                       donneur
donnez                        don
donnions                      donnion
donnons                       donnon
dont                          dont
dorat                         dorat
dore'                         dor
dore'e                        dor
dore'es                       dor
dore'navant                   dore'nav
dore's                        dor
dormaient                     dorm
dormait                       dorm
dormantes                     dorm
dormeurs                      dormeur
dormi                         dorm
dormir                        dorm
dormirai                      dorm
dormit                        dorm
dormi^t                       dorm
dort                          dort
dortoir                       dortoir
dortoirs                      dortoir
dorures                       dorur
dos                           dos
dose                          dos
dossier                       dossi
dossiers                      dossi
dot                           dot
douaire                       douair
douairie`re                   douairi
douane                        douan
douanier                      douani
douaniers                     douani
doubla                        doubl
doublant                      doubl
double                        doubl
double'                       doubl
double'e                      doubl
doublement                    doubl
doubler                       doubl
doubles                       doubl
doublure                      doublur
doubs                         doub
doubt                         doubt
douce                         douc
doucement                     douc
douces                        douc
douceur                       douceur
douceurs                      douceur
doue'                         dou
doue'e                        dou
doue's                        dou
douleur                       douleur
douleurs                      douleur
douloureuse                   doulour
douloureuses                  doulour
douloureux                    doulour
douta                         dout
doutait                       dout
douta^t                       dout
doute                         dout
doute'                        dout
doute'e                       dout
douter                        dout
douterez                      dout
doutes                        dout
douteuse                      douteux
douteuses                     douteux
douteux                       douteux
doutez                        dout
douvres                       douvr
doux                          doux
douzaine                      douzain
douzaines                     douzain
douze                         douz
doyen                         doyen
dragon                        dragon
dragons                       dragon
dramatique                    dramat
dramatiques                   dramat
drame                         dram
drap                          drap
drapeau                       drapeau
drapeaux                      drapeau
drape'e                       drap
drapier                       drapi
draps                         drap
drawing                       drawing
dressaient                    dress
dressait                      dress
dresse                        dress
dresse'                       dress
dresse'e                      dress
dresser                       dress
dresse's                      dress
drisses                       driss
drogue                        drogu
drogues                       drogu
droit                         droit
droite                        droit
droites                       droit
droits                        droit
droiture                      droitur
dro^le                        dro^l
dro^les                       dro^l
drome                         drom
dromes                        drom
du                            du
du^                           du^
dublin                        dublin
dubois                        dubois
duc                           duc
ducats                        ducat
duche'                        duch
duchesse                      duchess
duchesses                     duchess
ducrest                       ducrest
ducros                        ducros
ducs                          duc
dudit                         dud
due                           du
duel                          duel
duellistes                    duellist
duettino                      duettino
dugnani                       dugnan
du^ment                       du^ment
dunette                       dunet
dupe                          dup
duperie                       duper
dupes                         dup
duplicite'                    dupliqu
duquel                        duquel
dur                           dur
dura                          dur
durable                       durabl
durables                      durabl
duraient                      dur
durait                        dur
durand                        durand
durant                        dur
dura^t                        dur
durati                        durat
durcie                        durc
dure                          dur
dure'                         dur
dure'e                        dur
durement                      dur
durent                        durent
durer                         dur
durera                        dur
dureraient                    dur
durerait                      dur
dureront                      dur
dures                         dur
durete'                       duret
durini                        durin
durs                          dur
dus                           dus
dusse'                        duss
dut                           dut
du^t                          du^t
duvoisin                      duvoisin
e                             e
e`                            e`
earnshaw                      earnshaw
eastern                       eastern
eau                           eau
eaux                          eau
e'bahi                        e'bah
e'bahie                       e'bah
e'bahis                       e'bah
e'bahissement                 e'bah
e'battre                      e'battr
e'baucha                      e'bauch
e'baudissait                  e'baud
e'be`ne                       e'ben
e'bloui                       e'blou
e'blouissant                  e'blou
e'blouissante                 e'blou
e'blouissement                e'blou
e'blouit                      e'blou
e'bouriffe'                   e'bouriff
e'bouriffe'e                  e'bouriff
e'branla                      e'branl
e'branlaient                  e'branl
e'branlant                    e'branl
e'branle'                     e'branl
e'branle'e                    e'branl
e'branler                     e'branl
e'bre'che'                    e'brech
e'bruite'                     e'bruit
e'cailles                     e'caill
e'carlate                     e'carlat
e'carquille's                 e'carquill
e'cart                        e'cart
e'cartaient                   e'cart
e'cartait                     e'cart
e'cartant                     e'cart
e'carte                       e'cart
e'carte'                      e'cart
e'carte'e                     e'cart
e'carte'es                    e'cart
e'cartele'                    e'cartel
e'carter                      e'cart
eccellenza                    eccellenz
ecclesiam                     ecclesiam
eccle'siastique               eccle'siast
eccle'siastiques              eccle'siast
e'cervele's                   e'cervel
e'chafaud                     e'chafaud
e'change                      e'chang
e'change'                     e'chang
e'changeaient                 e'chang
e'changeant                   e'chang
e'change'e                    e'chang
e'change'es                   e'chang
e'changer                     e'chang
e'change's                    e'chang
e'chantillons                 e'chantillon
e'chappa                      e'chapp
e'chappaient                  e'chapp
e'chappait                    e'chapp
e'chappe                      e'chapp
e'chappe'                     e'chapp
e'chappe'e                    e'chapp
e'chappe'es                   e'chapp
e'chappement                  e'chapp
e'chapper                     e'chapp
e'chapperait                  e'chapp
e'chappe's                    e'chapp
e'chappons                    e'chappon
e'charpe                      e'charp
e'chauffant                   e'chauff
e'chauffer                    e'chauff
e'che'ant                     e'che'
e'chec                        e'chec
e'checs                       e'chec
e'chelle                      e'chel
e'chelles                     e'chel
e'chelon                      e'chelon
e'chelons                     e'chelon
e'chevele'                    e'chevel
echiquier                     echiqui
e'chiquiers                   e'chiqui
e'choiront                    e'choiront
e'choppe                      e'chopp
e'chouait                     e'chou
e'choue                       e'chou
e'choue'                      e'chou
e'chouer                      e'chou
e'choueraient                 e'chou
e'chus                        e'chus
e'chut                        e'chut
e'clair                       e'clair
e'clairaient                  e'clair
e'clairait                    e'clair
e'clairant                    e'clair
e'claircies                   e'clairc
e'claircir                    e'clairc
e'claircirent                 e'clairc
e'claircissant                e'clairc
e'claircissement              e'clairc
e'claircissent                e'clairc
e'claircit                    e'clairc
e'claire'                     e'clair
e'claire'e                    e'clair
e'clairer                     e'clair
e'claire`rent                 e'clair
e'claire's                    e'clair
e'clairs                      e'clair
e'clat                        e'clat
e'clata                       e'clat
e'clataient                   e'clat
e'clatait                     e'clat
e'clatant                     e'clat
e'clatante                    e'clat
e'clatantes                   e'clat
e'clatants                    e'clat
e'clate                       e'clat
e'clate'                      e'clat
e'clatent                     e'clatent
e'clater                      e'clat
e'clate`rent                  e'clat
e'clats                       e'clat
e'clipsait                    e'clips
e'clipse                      e'clips
e'clipses                     e'clips
e'clipse's                    e'clips
e'cole                        e'col
e'colier                      e'coli
e'conduire                    e'conduir
e'conduit                     e'conduit
e'conome                      e'conom
e'conomes                     e'conom
e'conomie                     e'conom
e'conomies                    e'conom
e'conomise                    e'conomis
e'conomise'es                 e'conomis
e'conomiser                   e'conomis
e'conomise's                  e'conomis
e'corcha                      e'corch
e'corchaient                  e'corch
e'corchait                    e'corch
e'corche'                     e'corch
e'corche'e                    e'corch
e'corcher                     e'corch
e'corchures                   e'corchur
e'corne'                      e'corn
e'cossaise                    e'cossais
e'coula                       e'coul
e'coulaient                   e'coul
e'coulant                     e'coul
e'coule'                      e'coul
e'coule'e                     e'coul
e'coulement                   e'coul
e'coulent                     e'coulent
e'couler                      e'coul
e'coule`rent                  e'coul
e'coule's                     e'coul
e'couta                       e'cout
e'coutaient                   e'cout
e'coutais                     e'cout
e'coutait                     e'cout
e'coutant                     e'cout
e'coute                       e'cout
e'coute'                      e'cout
e'coute'e                     e'cout
e'coutent                     e'coutent
e'couter                      e'cout
e'couterai                    e'cout
e'couteront                   e'cout
e'coutes                      e'cout
e'coute's                     e'cout
ecoutez                       ecout
e'coutez                      e'cout
e'coutiez                     e'cout
e'crasaient                   e'cras
e'crase'                      e'cras
e'crase'e                     e'cras
e'crase'es                    e'cras
e'craser                      e'cras
e'cria                        e'cri
e'criaient                    e'cri
e'criait                      e'cri
e'criant                      e'cri
e'crie                        e'cri
e'crie'                       e'cri
e'crie'e                      e'cri
e'crient                      e'crient
e'crier                       e'cri
e'crie`rent                   e'cri
e'crin                        e'crin
e'crira                       e'crir
e'crirai                      e'crir
e'crirais                     e'crir
e'crirait                     e'crir
e'crire                       e'crir
e'crirez                      e'crir
e'cris                        e'cris
e'crit                        e'crit
e'crite                       e'crit
e'criteau                     e'criteau
e'crites                      e'crit
e'critoire                    e'critoir
e'crits                       e'crit
e'criture                     e'critur
e'critures                    e'critur
e'crivailleur                 e'crivailleur
e'crivailleurs                e'crivailleur
e'crivain                     e'crivain
e'crivains                    e'crivain
e'crivais                     e'criv
e'crivait                     e'criv
e'crivant                     e'criv
e'crivante                    e'criv
e'crive                       e'criv
e'crivez                      e'criv
e'crivirent                   e'criv
e'crivit                      e'criv
e'crivi^t                     e'criv
e'crivi^tes                   e'criv
e'crou                        e'crou
e'croue'                      e'crou
e'croula                      e'croul
e'croulaient                  e'croul
e'cu                          e'cu
e'cueil                       e'cueil
e'cuelle                      e'cuel
e'cumait                      e'cum
ecumeur                       ecumeur
e'cumeuses                    e'cum
e'cureuil                     e'cureuil
e'curie                       e'cur
e'curies                      e'cur
e'cus                         e'cus
e'cuyer                       e'cui
e'dification                  e'dif
e'difice                      e'dific
edimbourg                     edimbourg
e'dimbourg                    e'dimbourg
edinburgh                     edinburgh
e'diter                       e'dit
e'diteur                      e'diteur
e'dition                      e'dit
e'ditions                     e'dit
edrisi                        edris
e'ducation                    e'duc
e'duquer                      e'duqu
effac,a                       effac
efface                        effac
efface'                       effac
efface'e                      effac
efface'es                     effac
effacer                       effac
effare'                       effar
effarouchant                  effarouch
effarouche                    effarouch
effarouche'                   effarouch
effaroucher                   effarouch
effarouches                   effarouch
effarouche's                  effarouch
effectivement                 effect
effectives                    effect
effe'mine'es                  effe'min
effervescence                 effervescent
effet                         effet
effets                        effet
effeuilla                     effeuill
effigie                       effig
effleurer                     effleur
efforc,ait                    efforc
effort                        effort
efforts                       effort
effraie                       effrai
effraya                       effrai
effrayaient                   effrai
effrayait                     effrai
effrayant                     effrai
effrayante                    effrai
effraye                       effray
effraye'                      effrai
effraye'e                     effrai
effraye'es                    effrai
effrayent                     effrayent
effrayer                      effrai
effraye`rent                  effrai
effraye's                     effrai
effre'ne'                     effren
effre'ne'e                    effren
effroi                        effroi
effronte'                     effront
effronte'ment                 effront
effronterie                   effronter
effronte's                    effront
effroyable                    effroi
effroyablement                effroi
effusion                      effus
e'gaiera                      e'gai
e'gal                         e'gal
e'galait                      e'gal
e'gale                        e'gal
e'galement                    e'gal
e'galent                      e'galent
e'gales                       e'gal
e'galite'                     e'gal
e'galite's                    e'gal
e'gara                        e'gar
e'garait                      e'gar
e'gard                        e'gard
e'gards                       e'gard
e'gare                        e'gar
e'gare'                       e'gar
e'gare'e                      e'gar
e'garement                    e'gar
e'garements                   e'gar
e'garer                       e'gar
e'gares                       e'gar
e'gare's                      e'gar
e'gaux                        e'gal
e'gaya                        e'gai
e'gaye'e                      e'gai
e'gayer                       e'gai
e'gaye's                      e'gai
e'glise                       e'glis
e'glises                      e'glis
ego                           ego
e'goi"sme                     e'goi"sm
e'goi"ste                     e'goi"st
e'goi"stes                    e'goi"st
e'gorgent                     e'gorgent
e'gorger                      e'gorg
e'gorge's                     e'gorg
e'gout                        e'gout
e'gratignure                  e'gratignur
e'gratignures                 e'gratignur
egypte                        egypt
e'gypte                       e'gypt
egyptiens                     egyptien
e'gyptiens                    e'gyptien
eh                            eh
el                            el
e'lan                         e'lan
e'lanc,a                      e'lanc
e'lanc,ait                    e'lanc
e'lanc,ant                    e'lanc
e'lance                       e'lanc
e'lance'                      e'lanc
e'lancer                      e'lanc
e'lancera                     e'lanc
e'lans                        e'lan
e'largi                       e'larg
e'lastiques                   e'last
elder                         elder
e'lecteur                     e'lecteur
e'lecteurs                    e'lecteur
e'lection                     e'lect
e'lections                    e'lect
e'lectives                    e'lect
e'lectrique                   e'lectr
e'lectriques                  e'lectr
e'lectrisait                  e'lectris
e'le'gamment                  e'leg
e'le'gance                    e'leg
e'le'gant                     e'leg
e'le'gante                    e'leg
e'le'gantes                   e'leg
e'le'gants                    e'leg
e'le'mentaire                 e'le'mentair
e'le'ments                    e'le'ment
e'le'phant                    e'leph
ele'phanta                    ele'phant
e'le'phants                   e'leph
e'leva                        e'lev
e'levaient                    e'lev
e'levait                      e'lev
e'levant                      e'lev
e'le'vation                   e'lev
e'le'vations                  e'lev
e'le`ve                       e'lev
e'leve'                       e'lev
e'leve'e                      e'lev
e'leve'es                     e'lev
e'le`vent                     e'le`vent
e'lever                       e'lev
e'le`vera                     e'lev
e'le`verai                    e'lev
e'le`verez                    e'lev
e'le`ves                      e'lev
e'leve's                      e'lev
e'leveurs                     e'leveur
e'lisa                        e'lis
e'lite                        e'lit
elko                          elko
elle                          elle
elles                         elle
ellora                        ellor
e'locution                    e'locu
e'loge                        e'log
e'loges                       e'log
e'loigna                      e'loign
e'loignaient                  e'loign
e'loignais                    e'loign
e'loignait                    e'loign
e'loignant                    e'loign
e'loigna^t                    e'loign
e'loigne                      e'loign
e'loigne'                     e'loign
e'loigne'e                    e'loign
e'loigne'es                   e'loign
e'loignement                  e'loign
e'loigner                     e'loign
e'loignerai                   e'loign
e'loignerait                  e'loign
e'loigne`rent                 e'loign
e'loigne's                    e'loign
e'loignez                     e'loign
e'loigniez                    e'loign
e'loquence                    e'loquent
e'loquent                     e'loquent
e'loquente                    e'loquent
e'lu                          e'lu
e'luder                       e'lud
elyse'es                      elys
e'lyse'es                     e'lys
e'maille'e                    e'maill
emballe'e                     emball
emballer                      emball
embarcation                   embarc
embarcations                  embarc
embarde'e                     embard
embarde'es                    embard
embarqua                      embarqu
embarquait                    embarqu
embarquant                    embarqu
embarque                      embarqu
embarque'                     embarqu
embarquement                  embarqu
embarquer                     embarqu
embarque's                    embarqu
embarras                      embarr
embarrassa                    embarrass
embarrassait                  embarrass
embarrasse                    embarr
embarrasse'                   embarrass
embarrasse'e                  embarrass
embarrasser                   embarrass
embarrasse's                  embarrass
embaume'                      embaum
embaume'e                     embaum
embelli                       embel
embellie                      embel
embellir                      embel
emble'e                       emble'
emble`me                      emblem
embonpoint                    embonpoint
embossent                     embossent
embouchure                    embouchur
embouquait                    embouqu
embourbant                    embourb
embourser                     embours
embranchement                 embranch
embranchements                embranch
embrase'                      embras
embrase'e                     embras
embrassa                      embrass
embrassaient                  embrass
embrassait                    embrass
embrassant                    embrass
embrasse                      embrass
embrasse'                     embrass
embrassements                 embrass
embrasser                     embrass
embrasserais                  embrass
embrasse`rent                 embrass
embrouilla                    embrouill
embrouillant                  embrouill
embrouille                    embrouill
embrouiller                   embrouill
embrume'                      embrum
embrunir                      embrun
embruns                       embrun
embu^che                      embu^ch
embu^ches                     embu^ch
embuscade                     embuscad
e'mergeait                    e'merg
e'merveille'                  e'merveil
e'merveille'e                 e'merveil
e'mettre                      e'mettr
e'meute                       e'meut
e'meuvent                     e'meuvent
e'migrants                    e'migr
e'migration                   e'migr
e'migrera                     e'migr
e'minemment                   e'minent
e'missaire                    e'missair
emmancher                     emmanch
emme^le's                     emme^l
emmena                        emmen
emmenaient                    emmen
emmenait                      emmen
emme`ne                       emmen
emmene'                       emmen
emmener                       emmen
emme`nerait                   emmen
emme`nes                      emmen
e'moi                         e'moi
e'motion                      e'mot
e'motions                     e'mot
e'mousse's                    e'mouss
e'moustiller                  e'moustill
e'mouvoir                     e'mouvoir
empaquete'e                   empaquet
empara                        empar
emparaient                    empar
emparait                      empar
emparant                      empar
empare'                       empar
emparer                       empar
empare`rent                   empar
empare's                      empar
empaumer                      empaum
empe^cha                      empe^ch
empe^chaient                  empe^ch
empe^chait                    empe^ch
empe^cha^t                    empe^ch
empe^che                      empe^ch
empe^che'                     empe^ch
empe^che'e                    empe^ch
empe^chent                    empe^chent
empe^cher                     empe^ch
empe^chera                    empe^ch
empe^cherai                   empe^ch
empe^cheraient                empe^ch
empe^cherait                  empe^ch
empe^che`rent                 empe^ch
empe^cheront                  empe^ch
empe^ches                     empe^ch
empe^chez                     empe^ch
empereur                      empereur
empereurs                     empereur
empese'                       empes
empeste'e                     empest
empe^tre's                    empe^tr
emphase                       emphas
emphatique                    emphat
emphatiques                   emphat
empile'                       empil
empir                         empir
empire                        empir
empires                       empir
emplacement                   emplac
emplettes                     emplet
emplissent                    emplissent
emploi                        emploi
emploie                       emploi
emploient                     emploient
emploierai                    emploi
emploieraient                 emploi
emploierais                   emploi
emploierait                   emploi
emplois                       emplois
employa                       emploi
employaient                   emploi
employait                     emploi
employant                     emploi
employa^t                     emploi
employa^tes                   emploi
employe'                      emploi
employe'e                     emploi
employe'es                    emploi
employer                      emploi
employe's                     emploi
employez                      emploi
emplume's                     emplum
empoche'                      empoch
empoigne'                     empoign
empoignera                    empoign
empoisonna                    empoison
empoisonnaient                empoison
empoisonnait                  empoison
empoisonne                    empoison
empoisonne'                   empoison
empoisonne'e                  empoison
empoisonnement                empoison
empoisonnent                  empoisonnent
empoisonner                   empoison
empoisonnerai                 empoison
empoisonnerait                empoison
empoisonne's                  empoison
empoisonneur                  empoisonneur
empoisonneurs                 empoisonneur
emporta                       emport
emportaient                   emport
emportait                     emport
emportant                     emport
emporte                       emport
emporte'                      emport
emporte'e                     emport
emporte'es                    emport
emportement                   emport
emportent                     emportent
emporter                      emport
emporterait                   emport
emporterez                    emport
emporteront                   emport
emporte's                     emport
empreinte                     empreint
empressa                      empress
empresse'                     empress
empresse'e                    empress
empresse'es                   empress
empressement                  empress
empressements                 empress
empresse`rent                 empress
empresse's                    empress
emprisonne                    emprison
emprisonne'                   emprison
emprisonne'e                  emprison
emprisonnement                emprison
emprunt                       emprunt
emprunta                      emprunt
emprunte'                     emprunt
emprunter                     emprunt
emprunte's                    emprunt
e'mu                          e'mu
e'mue                         e'mu
e'mule                        e'mul
e'murent                      e'murent
e'mus                         e'mus
e'mut                         e'mut
en                            en
encablure                     encablur
encadre                       encadr
encadre'                      encadr
encadre'es                    encadr
enceinte                      enceint
encens                        encen
enchai^ne'                    enchai^n
enchai^ne'e                   enchai^n
enchai^ne's                   enchai^n
enchantait                    enchant
enchante'                     enchant
enchante'e                    enchant
enchantement                  enchant
enchanter                     enchant
enchanteresses                enchanteress
enchante's                    enchant
enchanteur                    enchanteur
enchanteurs                   enchanteur
encha^sser                    encha^ss
enche`re                      encher
enche`res                     encher
enclos                        enclos
enclume                       enclum
encolure                      encolur
encombraient                  encombr
encombrant                    encombr
encombrante                   encombr
encombre                      encombr
encombre'                     encombr
encombre'e                    encombr
encombre'es                   encombr
encombre's                    encombr
encore                        encor
encourage'                    encourag
encourageante                 encourag
encouragement                 encourag
encourager                    encourag
encourage's                   encourag
encourir                      encour
encouru                       encouru
encrassaient                  encrass
encre                         encre
encrou^te'es                  encrou^t
encyclope'die                 encycloped
endoctrine'                   endoctrin
endommage'                    endommag
endormi                       endorm
endormir                      endorm
endormis                      endorm
endormit                      endorm
endors                        endor
endosse'                      endoss
endosser                      endoss
endroit                       endroit
endroits                      endroit
enduisirent                   enduis
enduraient                    endur
endurant                      endur
endurci                       endurc
endurcie                      endurc
endure'es                     endur
e'nergie                      e'nerg
e'nergique                    e'nerg
e'nergume`ne                  e'nergumen
e'nergume`nes                 e'nergumen
e'nerve'                      e'nerv
e'nerve'e                     e'nerv
e'nerver                      e'nerv
enfance                       enfanc
enfant                        enfant
enfantillage                  enfantillag
enfantillages                 enfantillag
enfantine                     enfantin
enfantines                    enfantin
enfants                       enfant
enfer                         enfer
enferma                       enferm
enfermais                     enferm
enfermait                     enferm
enfermant                     enferm
enferme                       enferm
enferme'                      enferm
enferme'e                     enferm
enfermer                      enferm
enferme`rent                  enferm
enferme's                     enferm
enferrer                      enferr
enfers                        enfer
enfield                       enfield
enfin                         enfin
enflamma                      enflamm
enflamme'                     enflamm
enflamme'e                    enflamm
enflamme'es                   enflamm
enflammer                     enflamm
enflamme`rent                 enflamm
enflamme's                    enflamm
enfle'e                       enfle'
enfle'es                      enfle'
enfonc,a                      enfonc
enfonc,aient                  enfonc
enfonc,ait                    enfonc
enfonc,a^t                    enfonc
enfonce                       enfonc
enfoncer                      enfonc
enfonceront                   enfonc
enfouis                       enfou
enfourcher                    enfourch
enfui                         enfui
enfuie                        enfui
enfuir                        enfuir
enfuirai                      enfuir
enfuis                        enfuis
enfuit                        enfuit
enfume'                       enfum
enfuyaient                    enfui
enfuyait                      enfui
engage                        engag
engage'                       engag
engagea                       engag
engageaient                   engag
engageait                     engag
engageant                     engag
engage'e                      engag
engage'es                     engag
engagement                    engag
engagements                   engag
engagent                      engagent
engager                       engag
engagerai                     engag
engeance                      engeanc
engendre                      engendr
engine                        engin
england                       england
englishman                    englishman
engloutir                     englout
engoue's                      engou
engouffre'es                  engouffr
engourdis                     engourd
engourdissement               engourd
e'nigmatique                  e'nigmat
e'nigme                       e'nigm
enivraient                    enivr
enivre'                       enivr
enivre'e                      enivr
enivre'es                     enivr
enivrer                       enivr
enjambe'e                     enjamb
enjeu                         enjeu
enjouement                    enjou
enleva                        enlev
enlevaient                    enlev
enlevait                      enlev
enleva^t                      enlev
enle`ve                       enlev
enleve'                       enlev
enleve'e                      enlev
enleve'es                     enlev
enle`vement                   enlev
enle`vent                     enle`vent
enlever                       enlev
enle`verais                   enlev
enleve`rent                   enlev
enle`verez                    enlev
enlevez                       enlev
enlumine'e                    enlumin
ennemi                        ennem
ennemie                       ennem
ennemis                       ennem
ennius                        ennius
ennnui                        ennnui
ennui                         ennui
ennuie                        ennui
ennuient                      ennuient
ennuiera                      ennui
ennuierais                    ennui
ennuierait                    ennui
ennuieront                    ennui
ennuies                       ennui
ennuis                        ennuis
ennuya                        ennui
ennuyaient                    ennui
ennuyais                      ennui
ennuyait                      ennui
ennuyant                      ennui
ennuye'                       ennui
ennuye'e                      ennui
ennuyer                       ennui
ennuye's                      ennui
ennuyeuse                     ennui
ennuyeusement                 ennui
ennuyeuses                    ennui
ennuyeux                      ennui
ennuyez                       ennui
e'nonc,ait                    e'nonc
e'nonce'                      e'nonc
e'noncer                      e'nonc
enorgueilli                   enorgueil
e'norme                       e'norm
e'normes                      e'norm
e'normite'                    e'norm
enque'rait                    enquer
enque^te                      enque^t
enraciner                     enracin
enrage'                       enrag
enrage's                      enrag
enrayer                       enrai
enraye's                      enrai
enre'gimente's                enre'giment
enregistrement                enregistr
enregistrer                   enregistr
enrhumaient                   enrhum
enrhume'                      enrhum
enrichi                       enrich
enrichir                      enrich
enrichis                      enrich
enrichissait                  enrich
enrichissent                  enrich
enrichit                      enrich
enrouaient                    enrou
enroulait                     enroul
enroulant                     enroul
ensache's                     ensach
ensanglante'                  ensanglant
enseignait                    enseign
enseigne                      enseign
enseigne'                     enseign
enseigne'es                   enseign
enseignements                 enseign
enseignent                    enseignent
enseigner                     enseign
enseignera                    enseign
ensemble                      ensembl
enserrer                      enserr
ensevelir                     ensevel
ensorcela                     ensorcel
ensuit                        ensuit
ensuite                       ensuit
ensuivit                      ensuiv
entache's                     entach
entama                        entam
entame                        entam
entame'e                      entam
entamer                       entam
entasse                       entass
entasse'e                     entass
entassent                     entassent
entend                        entend
entendaient                   entend
entendais                     entend
entendait                     entend
entendant                     entend
entendent                     entendent
entendez                      entend
entendirent                   entend
entendit                      entend
entendi^t                     entend
entendra                      entendr
entendrait                    entendr
entendre                      entendr
entendrez                     entendr
entendrons                    entendron
entends                       entend
entendu                       entendu
entendue                      entendu
entendus                      entendus
enterrer                      enterr
enterrez                      enterr
ente^te'                      ente^t
enthousiasmait                enthousiasm
enthousiasme                  enthousiasm
enthousiasme'                 enthousiasm
enthousiasme'es               enthousiasm
enthousiaste                  enthousiast
enthousiastes                 enthousiast
entiche'                      entich
entier                        enti
entie`re                      entier
entie`rement                  entier
entie`res                     entier
entiers                       entier
entomologique                 entomolog
entonnant                     enton
entonne'                      enton
entonner                      enton
entortiller                   entortill
entortille's                  entortill
entour                        entour
entoura                       entour
entouraient                   entour
entourait                     entour
entoure                       entour
entoure'                      entour
entoure'e                     entour
entoure'es                    entour
entourent                     entourent
entoure's                     entour
entra                         entra
entrai                        entrai
entraient                     entraient
entrailles                    entraill
entrai^na                     entrai^n
entrai^nait                   entrai^n
entrai^nant                   entrai^n
entrai^ne                     entrai^n
entrai^ne'                    entrai^n
entrai^ne'e                   entrai^n
entrai^nement                 entrai^n
entrai^ner                    entrai^n
entrai^nera                   entrai^n
entrai^ne's                   entrai^n
entrait                       entrait
entrant                       entrant
entraves                      entrav
entre                         entre
entre'                        entre'
entrecoupe'e                  entrecoup
entrecoupe'es                 entrecoup
entre'e                       entre'
entre'es                      entre'
entrefaites                   entrefait
entrelacement                 entrelac
entreme^le'es                 entreme^l
entreme^le's                  entreme^l
entremets                     entremet
entremettre                   entremettr
entremise                     entremis
entrent                       entrent
entrepo^ts                    entrepo^t
entreprenait                  entrepren
entreprenant                  entrepren
entreprend                    entreprend
entreprendre                  entreprendr
entrepreneur                  entrepreneur
entrepris                     entrepr
entreprise                    entrepris
entreprises                   entrepris
entreprit                     entrepr
entrer                        entrer
entreraient                   entrer
entreras                      entrer
entre`rent                    entre`rent
entre's                       entre'
entresol                      entresol
entretenait                   entreten
entretenir                    entreten
entretenu                     entretenu
entretenus                    entretenus
entretien                     entretien
entretiens                    entretien
entretient                    entretient
entretinrent                  entretinrent
entretint                     entretint
entrevit                      entrev
entrevoir                     entrevoir
entrevois                     entrevois
entrevoit                     entrevoit
entrevoyaient                 entrevoi
entrevoyait                   entrevoi
entrevoyant                   entrevoi
entrevu                       entrevu
entrevue                      entrevu
entrevues                     entrevu
entrez                        entrez
entrons                       entron
entrouverte                   entrouvert
entrouvrant                   entrouvr
e'nume'ration                 e'numer
envahi                        envah
envahie                       envah
envahir                       envah
envahissaient                 envah
envahit                       envah
enveloppaient                 envelopp
enveloppait                   envelopp
enveloppe                     envelopp
enveloppe'                    envelopp
enveloppe'e                   envelopp
envelopper                    envelopp
enveloppes                    envelopp
envenime'e                    envenim
enverguait                    envergu
envergure                     envergur
enverra                       enverr
enverrai                      enverr
enverrais                     enverr
enverras                      enverr
enverrez                      enverr
envers                        enver
envi                          envi
enviable                      enviabl
enviait                       envi
enviant                       envi
envie                         envi
envie'                        envi
envie'e                       envi
envieux                       envieux
environ                       environ
environnaient                 environ
environnait                   environ
environnantes                 environ
environne                     environ
environne'                    environ
environne'e                   environ
environnent                   environnent
environner                    environ
environne's                   environ
environs                      environ
envisageons                   envisageon
envisager                     envisag
envisagez                     envisag
envoi                         envoi
envoie                        envoi
envola                        envol
envolant                      envol
envole                        envol
envole'es                     envol
envoler                       envol
envole's                      envol
envoya                        envoi
envoyaient                    envoi
envoyait                      envoi
envoyant                      envoi
envoya^t                      envoi
envoya^tes                    envoi
envoye'                       envoi
envoye'e                      envoi
envoye'es                     envoi
envoyer                       envoi
envoye's                      envoi
envoyez                       envoi
e'olienne                     e'olien
e'pagneul                     e'pagneul
e'pais                        e'pais
e'paisse                      e'paiss
e'paisseur                    e'paisseur
e'panchement                  e'panch
e'panouir                     e'panou
e'panouissaient               e'panou
e'panouissait                 e'panou
e'panouissement               e'panou
e'panouit                     e'panou
e'pargna                      e'pargn
e'pargnait                    e'pargn
e'pargne                      e'pargn
e'pargne'                     e'pargn
e'pargne'e                    e'pargn
e'pargner                     e'pargn
e'pargnera                    e'pargn
e'pargnerait                  e'pargn
e'pargnez                     e'pargn
e'pargniez                    e'pargn
e'parses                      e'pars
e'parve're's                  e'parver
e'paule                       e'paul
e'paules                      e'paul
e'paule's                     e'paul
e'paulettes                   e'paulet
e'pe'e                        e'pe'
e'pe'es                       e'pe'
e'perdu                       e'perdu
e'perdue                      e'perdu
e'perdument                   e'perdu
e'peron                       e'peron
e'perons                      e'peron
e'pervier                     e'pervi
e'perviers                    e'pervi
e'phe'me`re                   e'phe'mer
e'pia                         e'pi
e'piait                       e'pi
e'pice'e                      e'pic
e'piciers                     e'pici
e'piderme                     e'piderm
e'pie                         e'pi
e'pient                       e'pient
e'pier                        e'pi
e'pigrammatique               e'pigrammat
e'pigramme                    e'pigramm
e'pigrammes                   e'pigramm
e'pine                        e'pin
e'pines                       e'pin
e'pineuses                    e'pin
e'pingle                      e'pingl
e'pingles                     e'pingl
e'pique                       e'piqu
e'pis                         e'pis
e'piscopal                    e'piscopal
e'piscopat                    e'piscopat
e'pisode                      e'pisod
e'pitaphe                     e'pitaph
e'pithe`te                    e'pithet
e'pi^tre                      e'pi^tr
e'poque                       e'poqu
e'poques                      e'poqu
e'pousa                       e'pous
e'pousait                     e'pous
e'pousant                     e'pous
e'pouse                       e'pous
e'pouse'                      e'pous
e'pouse'e                     e'pous
e'pouse'es                    e'pous
e'pouser                      e'pous
e'pousera                     e'pous
e'pouserai                    e'pous
e'pouserez                    e'pous
e'pouseur                     e'pouseur
e'pousez                      e'pous
e'pousseter                   e'pousset
e'pouvantable                 e'pouvant
e'pouvantablement             e'pouvant
e'pouvantables                e'pouvant
e'pouvantaient                e'pouvant
e'pouvante                    e'pouv
e'pouvante'e                  e'pouvant
e'pouvantements               e'pouvant
e'poux                        e'poux
e'preuve                      e'preuv
e'preuves                     e'preuv
e'pris                        e'pris
e'prise                       e'pris
e'prouva                      e'prouv
e'prouvai                     e'prouv
e'prouvait                    e'prouv
e'prouvant                    e'prouv
e'prouve                      e'prouv
e'prouve'                     e'prouv
e'prouve'e                    e'prouv
e'prouve'es                   e'prouv
e'prouvent                    e'prouvent
e'prouver                     e'prouv
e'prouverais                  e'prouv
e'prouverait                  e'prouv
e'prouve's                    e'prouv
e'puisait                     e'puis
e'puise'                      e'puis
e'puise'e                     e'puis
e'puisement                   e'puis
e'puise`rent                  e'puis
e'quarrir                     e'quarr
e'quarrissaient               e'quarr
e'quilibre                    e'quilibr
e'quilibre'                   e'quilibr
e'quilibristes                e'quilibr
equinoctial                   equinoctial
e'quinoxe                     e'quinox
e'quinoxes                    e'quinox
e'quipage                     e'quipag
e'quipe'                      e'quip
e'quipe'e                     e'quip
e'quite'                      e'quit
e'quivalait                   e'quival
e'quivoques                   e'quivoqu
equus                         equus
er                            er
e'reinte'                     e'reint
e'riger                       e'rig
erit                          erit
ermitages                     ermitag
ernest                        ernest
erra                          erra
erraient                      erraient
errait                        errait
errant                        errant
errante                       errant
erre'                         erre'
errer                         errer
erreur                        erreur
erreurs                       erreur
es                            e
escadron                      escadron
escalade'                     escalad
escalader                     escalad
escale                        escal
escalier                      escali
escaliers                     escali
escamote'e                    escamot
escamoter                     escamot
escapade                      escapad
escarpe's                     escarp
escarpins                     escarpin
escaut                        escaut
esclandre                     esclandr
esclave                       esclav
esclaves                      esclav
escofie'                      escofi
escogriffe                    escogriff
escortaient                   escort
escorte                       escort
escorte'                      escort
escorte'e                     escort
escouade                      escouad
escrime                       escrim
escrit                        escrit
espace                        espac
espaces                       espac
espagne                       espagn
espagnol                      espagnol
espagnole                     espagnol
espagnoles                    espagnol
espagnolette                  espagnolet
espagnols                     espagnol
esparres                      esparr
espe`ce                       espec
espe`ces                      espec
espe'ra                       esper
espe'rais                     esper
espe'rait                     esper
espe'rance                    esper
espe'rances                   esper
espe'rant                     esper
espe`re                       esper
espe're'                      esper
espe're'e                     esper
espe'rer                      esper
espe`res                      esper
espe'rez                      esper
espe'rons                     espe'ron
espie`gle                     espiegl
espion                        espion
espionnage                    espionnag
espionne'                     espion
espionnes                     espion
espions                       espion
esplanade                     esplanad
espoir                        espoir
esprit                        esprit
esprits                       esprit
esq                           esq
esquire                       esquir
esquisse                      esquiss
esquisser                     esquiss
esquiva                       esquiv
esquiveras                    esquiv
essai                         essai
essaiera                      essai
essaierai                     essai
essaierait                    essai
essais                        essais
essaya                        essai
essayaient                    essai
essayait                      essai
essayant                      essai
essaye                        essay
essaye'                       essai
essaye'es                     essai
essayer                       essai
essayons                      essayon
essence                       essenc
essences                      essenc
essentiel                     essentiel
essentielle                   essentiel
essentiellement               essentiel
essieux                       essieux
essouffle'                    essouffl
essouffle'e                   essouffl
essuie                        essui
essuyait                      essui
essuye'                       essui
essuyer                       essui
est                           est
estafette                     estafet
estafier                      estafi
estafiers                     estafi
estampe                       estamp
estampes                      estamp
estimable                     estim
estimables                    estim
estimaient                    estim
estimait                      estim
estimant                      estim
estime                        estim
estime'                       estim
estime'e                      estim
estimer                       estim
estimeraient                  estim
estimez                       estim
estomac                       estomac
estomacs                      estomac
et                            et
e'tabli                       e'tabl
e'tablie                      e'tabl
e'tablies                     e'tabl
e'tablir                      e'tabl
e'tablira                     e'tabl
e'tablirent                   e'tabl
e'tablirez                    e'tabl
e'tablis                      e'tabl
e'tablissaient                e'tabl
e'tablissait                  e'tabl
e'tablissant                  e'tabl
e'tablissement                e'tabl
e'tablissements               e'tabl
e'tablit                      e'tabl
e'tage                        e'tag
e'tagea                       e'tag
e'tageaient                   e'tag
e'tages                       e'tag
e'tai                         e'tai
e'taie                        e'tai
etaient                       etaient
e'taient                      e'taient
e'tain                        e'tain
e'tais                        e'tais
etait                         etait
e'tait                        e'tait
e'talage                      e'talag
e'talages                     e'talag
e'talait                      e'tal
e'talant                      e'tal
e'tale                        e'tal
e'tale'                       e'tal
e'tale'e                      e'tal
e'taler                       e'tal
e'tale's                      e'tal
e'tancher                     e'tanch
e'tang                        e'tang
e'tangs                       e'tang
etant                         etant
e'tant                        e'tant
e'tarque'e                    e'tarqu
etat                          etat
e'tat                         e'tat
etats                         etat
e'tats                        e'tat
e'taux                        e'tal
e'taye'                       e'tai
etc                           etc
e'te'                         e'te'
e'teignaient                  e'teign
e'teignait                    e'teign
e'teignirent                  e'teign
e'teignit                     e'teign
e'teindra                     e'teindr
e'teindre                     e'teindr
e'teindrons                   e'teindron
e'teint                       e'teint
e'teinte                      e'teint
e'teints                      e'teint
e'tend                        e'tend
e'tendaient                   e'tend
e'tendait                     e'tend
e'tendant                     e'tend
e'tendent                     e'tendent
e'tendirent                   e'tend
e'tendit                      e'tend
e'tendre                      e'tendr
e'tendu                       e'tendu
e'tendue                      e'tendu
e'tendues                     e'tendu
e'tendus                      e'tendus
e'ternel                      e'ternel
e'ternelle                    e'ternel
e'ternelles                   e'ternel
e'ternels                     e'ternel
e'ternite'                    e'tern
e^tes                         e^te
ethnographiques               ethnograph
e'tienne                      e'tien
e'tiez                        e'ti
e'tincelante                  e'tincel
e'tincelants                  e'tincel
e'tincelle                    e'tincel
e'tincelles                   e'tincel
e'tiole                       e'tiol
e'tiole's                     e'tiol
e'tions                       e'tion
e'tiquette                    e'tiquet
e'toffe                       e'toff
e'toffes                      e'toff
e'toile                       e'toil
e'toile'                      e'toil
e'toiles                      e'toil
e'tonna                       e'ton
e'tonnaient                   e'ton
e'tonnait                     e'ton
e'tonnant                     e'ton
e'tonnante                    e'ton
e'tonnantes                   e'ton
e'tonnants                    e'ton
e'tonne                       e'ton
e'tonne'                      e'ton
e'tonne'e                     e'ton
e'tonne'es                    e'ton
e'tonnement                   e'ton
e'tonnent                     e'tonnent
e'tonner                      e'ton
e'tonnera                     e'ton
e'tonnerait                   e'ton
e'tonne`rent                  e'ton
e'tonne's                     e'ton
e'touffaient                  e'touff
e'touffait                    e'touff
e'touffe                      e'touff
e'touffe'                     e'touff
e'touffe'e                    e'touff
e'touffer                     e'touff
e'tourderie                   e'tourder
e'tourderies                  e'tourder
e'tourdi                      e'tourd
e'tourdie                     e'tourd
e'tourdiment                  e'tourd
e'tourdir                     e'tourd
e'tourdissait                 e'tourd
e'tourdissement               e'tourd
e'tourdit                     e'tourd
e'trange                      e'trang
e'trangement                  e'trang
e'tranger                     e'trang
e'trange`re                   e'tranger
e'trange`res                  e'tranger
e'trangers                    e'tranger
e'tranges                     e'trang
e'trangete'                   e'tranget
e'tranglaient                 e'trangl
e'trangler                    e'trangl
etrangleurs                   etrangleur
e'trave                       e'trav
etre                          etre
e^tre                         e^tre
e'treignit                    e'treign
e'treinte                     e'treint
e^tres                        e^tre
e'trier                       e'tri
e'triers                      e'trier
e'trille                      e'trill
e'troit                       e'troit
e'troite                      e'troit
e'troitement                  e'troit
e'troites                     e'troit
e'troits                      e'troit
e'tude                        e'tud
e'tudes                       e'tud
e'tudia                       e'tudi
e'tudiait                     e'tudi
e'tudiant                     e'tudi
e'tudie                       e'tud
e'tudie'                      e'tudi
e'tudie'e                     e'tudi
e'tudier                      e'tudi
e'tudierai                    e'tudi
e'tudiez                      e'tud
e'tui                         e'tui
e'tuis                        e'tuis
eu                            eu
eue                           eue
eues                          eue
euge`ne                       eugen
eunuque                       eunuqu
euphorbes                     euphorb
eurent                        eurent
europe                        europ
europe'en                     europe'en
europe'enne                   europe'en
europe'ennes                  europe'en
europe'ens                    europe'en
eus                           eus
eusse                         euss
eussent                       eussent
eussiez                       euss
eut                           eut
eu^t                          eu^t
eux                           eux
e'vacuer                      e'vacu
e'vader                       e'vad
e'valuait                     e'valu
e'vange'lique                 e'vangel
e'vangile                     e'vangil
e'vanoui                      e'vanou
e'vanouie                     e'vanou
e'vanouir                     e'vanou
e'vanouirent                  e'vanou
e'vanouis                     e'vanou
e'vanouissait                 e'vanou
e'vanouissement               e'vanou
e'vanouit                     e'vanou
evans                         evan
e'vaporatoire                 e'vaporatoir
e'vasion                      e'vas
e've^che'                     e've^ch
e'veil                        e'veil
e'veilla                      e'veil
e'veillant                    e'veil
e'veille'                     e'veil
e'veille'e                    e'veil
e'veille'es                   e'veil
e'veiller                     e'veil
e'veillera                    e'veil
e'veille's                    e'veil
even                          even
e've'nement                   e'ven
e've'nements                  e'ven
evening                       evening
e'ventail                     e'ventail
e'vente'e                     e'vent
e'ventualite'                 e'ventual
e'ventualite's                e'ventual
e've^que                      e've^qu
e've^ques                     e've^qu
e'vidaient                    e'vid
evidemment                    evident
e'videmment                   e'vident
e'vidence                     e'vident
e'vident                      e'vident
e'vidente                     e'vident
e'videntes                    e'vident
e'vidents                     e'vident
e'vita                        e'vit
e'vitait                      e'vit
e'vitant                      e'vit
e'vite'                       e'vit
e'viter                       e'vit
e'vite`rent                   e'vit
e'vitons                      e'viton
ex                            ex
exact                         exact
exacte                        exact
exactement                    exact
exactes                       exact
exactitude                    exactitud
exacts                        exact
exage'ra                      exager
exage'rait                    exager
exage'rant                    exager
exage'ration                  exager
exage'rations                 exager
exage`re                      exager
exage're'                     exager
exage're'e                    exager
exage're'es                   exager
exage`rent                    exag
exage'rer                     exager
exage're's                    exager
exalta                        exalt
exaltait                      exalt
exaltation                    exalt
exalte                        exalt
exalte'                       exalt
exalte'e                      exalt
exalte'es                     exalt
exalter                       exalt
examen                        examen
examens                       examen
examina                       examin
examinait                     examin
examinant                     examin
examinateur                   examin
examinateurs                  examin
examine                       examin
examine'                      examin
examine'e                     examin
examiner                      examin
examinez                      examin
exaspe'rait                   exasper
exaspe're'                    exasper
exaspe're'e                   exasper
exaspe'rer                    exasper
exce'de'                      exced
exce'de'e                     exced
exce'der                      exced
excellence                    excellent
excellent                     excellent
excellente                    excellent
excellentes                   excellent
excellents                    excellent
excentricite'                 excentr
excentrique                   excentr
excepte'                      except
exception                     except
exce`s                        exces
excessif                      excess
excessifs                     excess
excessive                     excess
excessivement                 excess
excessives                    excess
excita                        excit
excitait                      excit
excitation                    excit
excite'                       excit
excite'e                      excit
excite'es                     excit
excitent                      excitent
exciter                       excit
exciterai                     excit
exclama                       exclam
exclamation                   exclam
exclamations                  exclam
exclu                         exclu
exclusive                     exclus
exclusivement                 exclus
excusa                        excus
excusable                     excus
excusait                      excus
excusant                      excus
excuse                        excus
excuse'e                      excus
excuser                       excus
excuserez                     excus
excuses                       excus
excusez                       excus
exe'crable                    execr
exe'crait                     execr
exe'cration                   execr
exe`cre                       execr
exe'crer                      execr
exe'cuta                      exe'cut
exe'cutait                    exe'cut
exe'cutant                    exe'cut
exe'cute                      exe'cut
exe'cute'                     exe'cut
exe'cute'e                    exe'cut
exe'cute'es                   exe'cut
exe'cuter                     exe'cut
exe'cuterai                   exe'cut
exe'cuterait                  exe'cut
exe'cuteras                   exe'cut
exe'cute's                    exe'cut
exe'cuteur                    exe'cuteur
exe'cution                    exe'cu
exe'cutions                   exe'cu
exe'cutoire                   exe'cutoir
exemplaire                    exemplair
exemplaires                   exemplair
exemple                       exempl
exemples                      exempl
exempte                       exempt
exempte'                      exempt
exerc,ait                     exerc
exerc,ant                     exerc
exerce                        exerc
exerce'e                      exerc
exercent                      exercent
exercer                       exerc
exercerait                    exerc
exerce's                      exerc
exercice                      exercic
exercices                     exercic
exhibant                      exhib
exhibe                        exhib
exhibition                    exhibit
exhibitions                   exhibit
exhortait                     exhort
exige                         exig
exige'                        exig
exigea                        exig
exigeait                      exig
exigences                     exigent
exigeons                      exigeon
exiger                        exig
exigez                        exig
exigue"                       exigu
exigus                        exigus
exil                          exil
exila                         exil
exilait                       exil
exile                         exil
exile'                        exil
exile'es                      exil
exiler                        exil
exista                        exist
existaient                    exist
existait                      exist
exista^t                      exist
existe                        exist
existe'                       exist
existence                     existent
existent                      existent
exister                       exist
exorbitante                   exorbit
exotiques                     exot
expansif                      expans
expansion                     expans
expe'dia                      expe'di
expe'die'                     expe'di
expe'die'e                    expe'di
expe'dier                     expe'di
expe'dition                   expe'dit
expe'ditions                  expe'dit
expe'rience                   expe'rient
expiation                     expiat
expira                        expir
expire'                       expir
expirer                       expir
explicable                    explic
explication                   expliqu
explications                  expliqu
explicite                     explicit
expliqua                      expliqu
expliquait                    expliqu
expliquant                    expliqu
explique                      expliqu
explique'                     expliqu
explique'e                    expliqu
expliquer                     expliqu
explique's                    expliqu
expliquez                     expliqu
exploit                       exploit
exploits                      exploit
explosion                     explos
exposa                        expos
exposais                      expos
exposait                      expos
exposant                      expos
expose                        expos
expose'                       expos
expose'e                      expos
expose'es                     expos
exposer                       expos
exposerai                     expos
exposerais                    expos
exposerait                    expos
expose's                      expos
exposez                       expos
expre`s                       expres
express                       express
expresse                      express
expresse'ment                 express
expressifs                    express
expression                    express
expressions                   express
exprima                       exprim
exprimaient                   exprim
exprimait                     exprim
exprimant                     exprim
exprime                       exprim
exprime'                      exprim
exprime'e                     exprim
exprimer                      exprim
exprime`rent                  exprim
exprimeront                   exprim
exquise                       exquis
extase                        extas
extases                       extas
extatique                     extat
extension                     extens
exte'rieur                    exte'rieur
exte'rieure                   exte'rieur
exte'rieures                  exte'rieur
exte'rieurs                   exte'rieur
extermine's                   extermin
extinction                    extinct
extorque'                     extorqu
extradition                   extradit
extrait                       extrait
extraites                     extrait
extraordinaire                extraordinair
extraordinairement            extraordinair
extraordinaires               extraordinair
extravagant                   extravag
extravagante                  extravag
extravagantes                 extravag
extre^me                      extre^m
extre^mement                  extre^m
extre^mes                     extre^m
extre'mite'                   extrem
extre'mite's                  extrem
f                             f
fa                            fa
fabio                         fabio
fable                         fabl
fables                        fabl
fabricant                     fabric
fabricants                    fabric
fabrice                       fabric
fabriquaient                  fabriqu
fabrique                      fabriqu
fabrique'e                    fabriqu
fabrique'es                   fabriqu
fabriquer                     fabriqu
fabriques                     fabriqu
fabuleux                      fabul
fabuliste                     fabul
fac,ade                       fac,ad
fac,ades                      fac,ad
face                          fac
fa^cha                        fa^ch
fa^chait                      fa^ch
fa^cha^t                      fa^ch
fa^che                        fa^ch
fa^che'                       fa^ch
fa^che'e                      fa^ch
fa^chent                      fa^chent
fa^cher                       fa^ch
fa^che`rent                   fa^ch
fa^che's                      fa^ch
fa^cheuse                     fa^cheux
fa^cheuses                    fa^cheux
fa^cheux                      fa^cheux
fa^chez                       fa^ch
facile                        facil
facilement                    facil
facilitait                    facilit
facilite'                     facil
facilitent                    facilitent
faciliter                     facilit
facio                         facio
fac,on                        fac,on
faconde                       facond
fac,ons                       fac,on
facteur                       facteur
faction                       faction
factotum                      factotum
faculte'                      facult
faculte's                     facult
fade                          fad
fagots                        fagot
fahrenheit                    fahrenheit
faible                        faibl
faibles                       faibl
faiblesse                     faibless
faiblesses                    faibless
faiblir                       faibl
faiblirent                    faibl
faict                         faict
failli                        faill
faillir                       faill
faillirent                    faill
faillit                       faill
faim                          faim
faine'ant                     faine'
faire                         fair
fais                          fais
faisable                      faisabl
faisaient                     fais
faisais                       fais
faisait                       fais
faisant                       fais
faisceaux                     faisceau
faisiez                       fais
faisons                       faison
fait                          fait
faite                         fait
fai^te                        fai^t
faites                        fait
faits                         fait
fakirs                        fakir
falcoz                        falcoz
faliero                       faliero
fallait                       fall
fallentin                     fallentin
falloir                       falloir
fallu                         fallu
fallut                        fallut
fameuse                       fameux
fameusement                   fameux
fameux                        fameux
familiarise'                  familiaris
familiarite'                  familiar
familier                      famili
familie`rement                familier
famille                       famill
familles                      famill
fanal                         fanal
fanatique                     fanat
fanatiques                    fanat
fanatisme                     fanat
fanfarons                     fanfaron
fange                         fang
fangeuses                     fangeux
fangeux                       fangeux
fantaisie                     fantais
fantaisies                    fantais
fantaisistes                  fantais
fantasque                     fantasqu
fantastique                   fantast
fantastiques                  fantast
fanto^me                      fanto^m
faquins                       faquin
far                           far
faraud                        faraud
farceur                       farceur
farceurs                      farceur
farci                         farc
fardeau                       fardeau
fare                          far
farine                        farin
farmer                        farm
farne`se                      farnes
farouche                      farouch
farouches                     farouch
farthing                      farthing
fascinant                     fascin
fascination                   fascin
fascine'                      fascin
fasciner                      fascin
fasse                         fass
fassent                       fassent
fassiez                       fass
faste                         fast
fastenet                      fastenet
fat                           fat
fata                          fat
fatal                         fatal
fatale                        fatal
fatales                       fatal
fatalite'                     fatal
fatigant                      fatig
fatigante                     fatig
fatigua                       fatigu
fatiguaient                   fatigu
fatigue                       fatigu
fatigue'                      fatigu
fatigue'e                     fatigu
fatigue'es                    fatigu
fatiguer                      fatigu
fatiguerai                    fatigu
fatigues                      fatigu
fatuite'                      fatuit
faublas                       faubl
faubourg                      faubourg
faudra                        faudr
faudrait                      faudr
faufilant                     faufil
fausse                        fauss
fausses                       fauss
faussete'                     fausset
faussete's                    fausset
fausta                        faust
faut                          faut
faute                         faut
fautes                        faut
fauteuil                      fauteuil
fauteuils                     fauteuil
fauve                         fauv
fauves                        fauv
faux                          faux
faveur                        faveur
faveurs                       faveur
favorable                     favor
favorablement                 favor
favorables                    favor
favori                        favor
favoris                       favor
favorisa                      favoris
favorisait                    favoris
favoriser                     favoris
favorite                      favorit
fay                           fay
fayette                       fayet
fe'                           fe'
fe'brile                      fe'bril
fe'brilement                  fe'bril
feci                          fec
fe'cond                       fe'cond
fe'conde                      fe'cond
feignait                      feign
feignant                      feign
feignent                      feignent
feignit                       feign
feindre                       feindr
feins                         fein
feint                         feint
feinte                        feint
felice                        felic
fe'licita                     fe'licit
fe'licitait                   fe'licit
fe'licite                     fe'licit
fe'licite'                    fe'liqu
fe'licite's                   fe'liqu
felino                        felino
fe'lix                        fe'lix
fellah                        fellah
fellahs                       fellah
fe'minin                      fe'minin
fe'minine                     fe'minin
femme                         femm
femmelette                    femmelet
femmes                        femm
fendaient                     fend
fendait                       fend
fendues                       fendu
fe'nelon                      fe'nelon
fenestrelles                  fenestrel
fene^tre                      fene^tr
fene^tres                     fene^tr
fente                         fent
fe'odal                       fe'odal
fer                           fer
fera                          fer
ferai                         fer
feraient                      fer
ferais                        fer
ferait                        fer
feras                         fer
feretrius                     feretrius
ferez                         fer
feriez                        fer
feringhea                     feringh
ferions                       ferion
ferma                         ferm
fermage                       fermag
fermaient                     ferm
fermait                       ferm
fermant                       ferm
ferma^t                       ferm
ferme                         ferm
ferme'                        ferm
ferme'e                       ferm
ferme'es                      ferm
fermement                     ferm
fermentation                  ferment
fermer                        ferm
fermerait                     ferm
ferme`rent                    ferm
fermerons                     ferm
fermes                        ferm
ferme's                       ferm
fermete'                      fermet
fermeture                     fermetur
fermier                       fermi
fermiers                      fermi
fe'roce                       fe'roc
fe'roces                      fe'roc
fe'rocite'                    fe'roc
ferons                        feron
feront                        feront
ferrante                      ferr
ferrare                       ferrar
ferre'e                       ferr
ferrures                      ferrur
ferry                         ferry
fers                          fer
fertile                       fertil
fertiles                      fertil
fervaques                     fervaqu
fervent                       fervent
fervente                      fervent
fervents                      fervent
ferveur                       ferveur
fe^te                         fe^t
fe^te'                        fe^t
fe^tes                        fe^t
feu                           feu
feuillage                     feuillag
feuille                       feuill
feuilles                      feuill
feuilleta                     feuillet
feuilletait                   feuillet
feuilletant                   feuillet
feuillets                     feuillet
feutre                        feutr
feux                          feux
few                           few
fi                            fi
fiacre                        fiacr
ficele'                       ficel
ficelles                      ficel
fiche'e                       fich
fiches                        fich
fide`le                       fidel
fide`lement                   fidel
fide`les                      fidel
fide'lite'                    fidel
fie                           fi
fier                          fi
fierai                        fi
fie`re                        fier
fie`rement                    fier
fie`res                       fier
fiers                         fier
fierte'                       fiert
fie`vre                       fievr
fie'vreux                     fie'vreux
figaro                        figaro
figura                        figur
figuraient                    figur
figurais                      figur
figurait                      figur
figura^t                      figur
figure                        figur
figure'                       figur
figurer                       figur
figurerai                     figur
figureriez                    figur
figures                       figur
figure's                      figur
figurez                       figur
fil                           fil
fila                          fil
filait                        fil
filant                        fil
filasse                       fil
file                          fil
file'                         fil
filent                        filent
filer                         fil
filerai                       fil
files                         fil
filet                         filet
filez                         fil
fili                          fil
filiale                       filial
filigrane                     filigran
filins                        filin
fille                         fill
filles                        fill
filons                        filon
fils                          fil
filtrait                      filtr
fin                           fin
finance                       financ
finances                      financ
financier                     financi
financie`rement               financier
finds                         find
fine                          fin
fines                         fin
finesse                       finess
finesses                      finess
fini                          fin
finie                         fin
finies                        fin
finir                         fin
finira                        fin
finiraient                    fin
finirait                      fin
finirent                      fin
finis                         fin
finissait                     fin
finissant                     fin
finisse                       fin
finissent                     fin
finissons                     fin
finit                         fin
fins                          fin
fiole                         fiol
fir                           fir
fire                          fir
firent                        firent
fis                           fis
fiscal                        fiscal
fisse                         fiss
fit                           fit
fi^t                          fi^t
fitz                          fitz
fix                           fix
fixa                          fix
fixaient                      fix
fixait                        fix
fixant                        fix
fixe                          fix
fixe'                         fix
fixe'e                        fix
fixement                      fix
fixer                         fix
fixe`rent                     fix
fixe's                        fix
fixite'                       fixit
flacon                        flacon
flagrant                      flagr
flair                         flair
flairait                      flair
flamand                       flamand
flamande                      flamand
flambe'                       flamb
flambeaux                     flambeau
flambe's                      flamb
flamboyants                   flamboi
flamme                        flamm
flammes                       flamm
fla^na                        fla^n
flanagan                      flanagan
fla^nait                      fla^n
fla^nant                      fla^n
flanc                         flanc
flancs                        flanc
flatta                        flatt
flattait                      flatt
flatte                        flatt
flatte'                       flatt
flatte'e                      flatt
flatter                       flatt
flatteries                    flatter
flatteur                      flatteur
flatteurs                     flatteur
flatteuse                     flatteux
flatteuses                    flatteux
fle`che                       flech
fle`ches                      flech
fle'chir                      flech
flegmatique                   flegmat
flegme                        flegm
fle'tri                       fletr
fle'trirait                   fletr
fleur                         fleur
fleurs                        fleur
fleury                        fleury
fleuve                        fleuv
fleuves                       fleuv
flexible                      flexibl
flexibles                     flexibl
flocons                       flocon
florence                      florenc
florissante                   flor
flot                          flot
flots                         flot
flottaient                    flott
flottant                      flott
flottantes                    flott
flottants                     flott
flotter                       flott
flottille                     flottill
flu^tes                       flu^t
fo                            fo
foc                           foc
focs                          foc
fogg                          fogg
foi                           foi
foin                          foin
fois                          fois
foison                        foison
foisonnait                    foison
foisonne                      foison
fokelberg                     fokelberg
fol                           fol
folie                         fol
folies                        fol
folio                         folio
folke                         folk
folle                         foll
follement                     foll
folles                        foll
fonce'                        fonc
foncie`rement                 foncier
fonctionnaire                 fonctionnair
fonctionnaires                fonctionnair
fonctionne                    fonction
fonctions                     fonction
fond                          fond
fonda                         fond
fondaient                     fond
fondait                       fond
fondant                       fond
fondateur                     fondateur
fondations                    fondat
fonde'                        fond
fonde'e                       fond
fonde'es                      fond
fondements                    fond
fondent                       fondent
fonder                        fond
fonderies                     fonder
fonde's                       fond
fondirent                     fond
fondit                        fond
fondre                        fondr
fonds                         fond
fondu                         fondu
fondue                        fondu
font                          font
fontaine                      fontain
fontaines                     fontain
fontan                        fontan
fontana                       fontan
fontenoy                      fontenoy
for                           for
forc,a                        forc
forc,aient                    forc
forc,ais                      forc
forc,ait                      forc
forc,ant                      forc
force                         forc
force'                        forc
force'e                       forc
forcer                        forc
forcera                       forc
forcerai                      forc
force`rent                    forc
forces                        forc
force's                       forc
forcez                        forc
fore^t                        fore^t
foretells                     foretel
forets                        foret
fore^ts                       fore^t
forfaitz                      forfaitz
forge'                        forg
forma                         form
formaient                     form
formait                       form
formalisait                   formalis
formaliste                    formal
formalistes                   formal
formalite'                    formal
formalite's                   formal
formant                       form
formation                     format
forme                         form
forme'                        form
forme'e                       form
forme'es                      form
formel                        formel
formellement                  formel
forment                       forment
former                        form
formera                       form
forme`rent                    form
formes                        form
forme's                       form
formez                        form
formidable                    formid
formidables                   formid
formose                       formos
formula                       formul
formule                       formul
formule'e                     formul
formuler                      formul
formules                      formul
forster                       forst
fort                          fort
forte                         fort
fortement                     fort
forteresse                    forteress
fortes                        fort
forth                         forth
fortifications                fortif
fortifie'                     fortifi
fortifie'e                    fortifi
fortifie'es                   fortifi
fortifier                     fortifi
fortifions                    fortif
forts                         fort
fortune                       fortun
fortune'                      fortun
fortune'es                    fortun
fortunes                      fortun
fortune's                     fortun
foscarini                     foscarin
fosse                         foss
fosse'                        foss
fosses                        foss
fosse's                       foss
fou                           fou
foudre                        foudr
foudroyer                     foudroi
fouet                         fouet
fouettait                     fouet
fouette'                      fouet
fouetter                      fouet
fouetterait                   fouet
fouge`res                     fouger
fougueuse                     fougueux
fougueux                      fougueux
fouillait                     fouill
fouilla^t                     fouill
fouille                       fouill
fouille'                      fouill
fouiller                      fouill
fouilles                      fouill
fouille's                     fouill
fouillez                      fouill
foule                         foul
foule'                        foul
foules                        foul
fouque'                       fouqu
fourbes                       fourb
fourgons                      fourgon
fourmilie`re                  fourmili
fourmillait                   fourmill
fourmillement                 fourmill
fourmis                       fourm
fourmont                      fourmont
fourneaux                     fourneau
fourni                        fourn
fournie                       fourn
fournir                       fourn
fourniront                    fourn
fournis                       fourn
fournissaient                 fourn
fournissait                   fourn
fournissant                   fourn
fournisseurs                  fournisseur
fournit                       fourn
fourniture                    fournitur
fournitures                   fournitur
fourraient                    fourr
fourre'                       fourr
fourreau                      fourreau
fourrer                       fourr
fourrier                      fourri
fourriers                     fourri
fourrures                     fourrur
fous                          fous
fox                           fox
foyer                         foi
frac                          frac
fracas                        frac
fracasse'e                    fracass
fracasse's                    fracass
fragile                       fragil
fragments                     fragment
frai^che                      frai^ch
frai^ches                     frai^ch
frai^cheur                    frai^cheur
frai^chir                     frai^ch
frai^chissait                 frai^ch
frai^chit                     frai^ch
frailty                       frailty
frais                         frais
franc                         franc
franc,ais                     franc
franc,aise                    franc,ais
franc,aises                   franc,ais
france                        franc
francese                      frances
francfort                     francfort
franche                       franch
franchement                   franch
franchi                       franch
franchie                      franch
franchies                     franch
franchir                      franch
franchis                      franch
franchise                     franchis
franchissait                  franch
franchissant                  franch
franchissent                  franch
franchit                      franch
francis                       franc
francisco                     francisco
franc,ois                     franc,ois
francs                        franc
frappa                        frapp
frappaient                    frapp
frappait                      frapp
frappant                      frapp
frappante                     frapp
frappantes                    frapp
frappa^t                      frapp
frappe                        frapp
frappe'                       frapp
frappe'e                      frapp
frappe'es                     frapp
frappent                      frappent
frapper                       frapp
frapperai                     frapp
frappe's                      frapp
fraternelle                   fraternel
fraternisaient                fraternis
fraude                        fraud
fraye'e                       frai
frayeur                       frayeur
fre'de'ric                    fre'de'ric
freins                        frein
fre^le                        fre^l
freluquets                    freluquet
fre'mi                        frem
fre'mir                       frem
fre'mis                       frem
fre'mit                       frem
fremont                       fremont
fre^nes                       fre^n
fre'ne'tique                  fre'net
fre'quemment                  fre'quent
fre'quence                    fre'quenc
fre'quent                     fre'quent
fre'quente                    fre'quent
fre'quente'                   fre'quent
fre'quente'e                  fre'quent
fre'quente'es                 fre'quent
fre'quenter                   fre'quent
fre'quentes                   fre'quent
fre'quents                    fre'quent
fre`re                        frer
fre`res                       frer
fresque                       fresqu
fret                          fret
fre'ter                       fret
frilair                       frilair
fringante                     fring
friperie                      friper
friperies                     friper
fripon                        fripon
friponner                     fripon
friponnerie                   friponner
friponneries                  friponner
fripons                       fripon
frisaient                     fris
frisait                       fris
friser                        fris
frises                        fris
frise's                       fris
frisson                       frisson
frivole                       frivol
froc                          froc
froid                         froid
froide                        froid
froidement                    froid
froides                       froid
froideur                      froideur
froids                        froid
froissa                       froiss
froissant                     froiss
froissants                    froiss
froisse'                      froiss
from                          from
fromage                       fromag
froment                       froment
fronc,ait                     fronc
fronc,ant                     fronc
fronce'                       fronc
froncement                    fronc
froncer                       fronc
froncera                      fronc
fronde                        frond
frondeur                      frondeur
front                         front
frontie`re                    fronti
frontie`res                   fronti
frontins                      frontin
fronts                        front
frotta                        frott
frottait                      frott
frottant                      frott
frotte'                       frott
frottements                   frott
fruit                         fruit
fruitie`res                   fruiti
fruits                        fruit
fugitif                       fugit
fugitifs                      fugit
fui                           fui
fuient                        fuient
fuir                          fuir
fuirais                       fuir
fuis                          fuis
fuite                         fuit
fulgence                      fulgenc
fuligineuses                  fuligin
fulminante                    fulmin
fumaient                      fum
fumant                        fum
fume                          fum
fume'e                        fum
fume'es                       fum
fumer                         fum
fumeur                        fumeur
fumeurs                       fumeur
fune`bre                      funebr
fune`bres                     funebr
funeste                       funest
funestes                      funest
fur                           fur
furent                        furent
fureur                        fureur
furia                         furi
furibond                      furibond
furibonde                     furibond
furibondes                    furibond
furibonds                     furibond
furieuse                      furieux
furieusement                  furieux
furieuses                     furieux
furieux                       furieux
furtivement                   furtiv
fus                           fus
fusait                        fus
fuseau                        fuseau
fuseaux                       fuseau
fusil                         fusil
fusiliers                     fusili
fusille'                      fusill
fusiller                      fusill
fusille's                     fusill
fusils                        fusil
fusse                         fuss
fussent                       fussent
fussiez                       fuss
fut                           fut
fu^t                          fu^t
fute'                         fut
futilite'                     futil
futilite's                    futil
futur                         futur
futura                        futur
future                        futur
futures                       futur
futurs                        futur
fuyaient                      fui
fuyait                        fui
fuyant                        fui
fuyards                       fuyard
fuyez                         fui
g                             g
gabarit                       gabar
gabrielle                     gabriel
ga^chis                       ga^ch
gage                          gag
gages                         gag
gageure                       gageur
gagna                         gagn
gagnaient                     gagn
gagnais                       gagn
gagnait                       gagn
gagnant                       gagn
gagne                         gagn
gagne'                        gagn
gagne'e                       gagn
gagne'es                      gagn
gagnent                       gagnent
gagner                        gagn
gagnerai                      gagn
gagneras                      gagn
gagne`rent                    gagn
gagne's                       gagn
gagnez                        gagn
gagnons                       gagnon
gai                           gai
gaie                          gai
gaiement                      gai
gaies                         gai
gaiete'                       gaiet
gaillard                      gaillard
gaillardement                 gaillard
gai^ment                      gai^
gain                          gain
gains                         gain
gais                          gais
gai^te'                       gai^t
gala                          gal
galamment                     gal
galant                        gal
galante                       gal
galanterie                    galanter
galantes                      gal
gale'as                       gale'
gale`re                       galer
gale`res                      galer
galerie                       galer
gale'riens                    gale'rien
galeries                      galer
galeuse                       galeux
galeux                        galeux
gallicane                     gallican
galon                         galon
galonne'es                    galon
galons                        galon
galop                         galop
galopa                        galop
galopaient                    galop
galopait                      galop
galopant                      galop
galope                        galop
galoper                       galop
galopera                      galop
galoperai                     galop
galopez                       galop
galvanise'es                  galvanis
gambadant                     gambad
gamins                        gamin
gamme                         gamm
ganaches                      ganach
gange                         gang
gangre`ne                     gangren
gangrene'e                    gangren
gangrene'es                   gangren
gant                          gant
gants                         gant
garantie                      garant
garanties                     garant
garantissait                  garant
garc,on                       garc,on
garc,ons                      garc,on
garda                         gard
gardai                        gard
gardaient                     gard
gardait                       gard
gardant                       gard
garde                         gard
garde'                        gard
garde'e                       gard
garde'es                      gard
gardens                       garden
garder                        gard
gardera                       gard
garderai                      gard
garderais                     gard
garderait                     gard
garderas                      gard
gardes                        gard
garde's                       gard
gardez                        gard
gardien                       gardien
gardiens                      gardien
gare                          gar
garnement                     garn
garni                         garn
garnie                        garn
garnies                       garn
garnis                        garn
garnison                      garnison
garnit                        garn
garrot                        garrot
garrotte'                     garrott
gascons                       gascon
gaspilla                      gaspill
ga^taient                     ga^t
ga^tait                       ga^t
ga^te                         ga^t
ga^te'                        ga^t
ga^teau                       ga^teau
ga^te'e                       ga^t
ga^te'es                      ga^t
ga^ter                        ga^t
ga^terait                     ga^t
ga^te's                       ga^t
gauche                        gauch
gaucherie                     gaucher
gaucheries                    gaucher
gauches                       gauch
gauthier                      gauthi
gay                           gay
gaz                           gaz
gaze                          gaz
gazes                         gaz
gazette                       gazet
gazettes                      gazet
gazon                         gazon
gazouillements                gazouill
ge'ant                        ge'
ge'ants                       ge'
ge'mi                         gem
ge'missait                    gem
ge'missant                    gem
ge'missements                 gem
ge^naient                     ge^n
ge^nait                       ge^n
ge^nant                       ge^n
ge^nante                      ge^n
gendarme                      gendarm
gendarmer                     gendarm
gendarmerie                   gendarmer
gendarmes                     gendarm
gendre                        gendr
ge^ne                         ge^n
ge^ne'                        ge^n
ge'ne'alogie                  ge'ne'alog
ge'ne'alogique                ge'ne'alog
ge^nent                       ge^nent
ge^ner                        ge^n
ge^nerait                     ge^n
general                       general
ge'ne'ral                     ge'ne'ral
ge'ne'rale                    ge'ne'ral
ge'ne'ralement                ge'ne'ral
ge'ne'rales                   ge'ne'ral
ge'ne'raux                    ge'ne'ral
ge'ne'reuse                   ge'ner
ge'ne'reusement               ge'ner
ge'ne'reuses                  ge'ner
ge'ne'reux                    ge'ner
ge'ne'rosite'                 ge'ne'ros
ge^nes                        ge^n
gene`se                       genes
gene`ve                       genev
genevois                      genevois
ge'nie                        gen
ge'nies                       gen
genlis                        genl
ge'noise                      ge'nois
genoux                        genoux
genre                         genr
genres                        genr
gens                          gen
gentil                        gentil
gentilhomme                   gentilhomm
gentille                      gentill
gentils                       gentil
gentilshommes                 gentilshomm
gentle                        gentl
gentleman                     gentleman
gentlemen                     gentlemen
ge'ographie                   ge'ograph
geo^lier                      geo^li
geo^lie`re                    geo^li
geo^liers                     geo^li
ge'ome`tre                    ge'ometr
ge'ome'trie                   ge'ometr
george                        georg
ge'orgiques                   ge'orgiqu
gerbes                        gerb
germain                       germain
ge'ronimo                     ge'ronimo
geste                         gest
gestes                        gest
gesticulant                   gesticul
ghari                         ghar
gha^tes                       gha^t
ghazepour                     ghazepour
gherardi                      gherard
ghisleri                      ghisler
ghisolfi                      ghisolf
ghita                         ghit
gia                           gi
giacomo                       giacomo
gibelotte                     gibelott
giberne                       gibern
gibier                        gibi
gibraltar                     gibraltar
gigantesque                   gigantesqu
gigantesques                  gigantesqu
gilet                         gilet
gilets                        gilet
giletti                       gilet
gin                           gin
gina                          gin
giovanni                      giovann
giovannone                    giovannon
giovita                       giovit
girafe                        giraf
giration                      girat
giraud                        giraud
girodet                       girodet
girofliers                    girofli
girondin                      girondin
gisaient                      gis
gisant                        gis
gi^t                          gi^t
giulia                        giuli
giuseppe                      giusepp
give                          giv
glac,aient                    glac
glac,ait                      glac
glace                         glac
glace'                        glac
glace'e                       glac
glace'es                      glac
glacer                        glac
glaces                        glac
glacial                       glacial
glaciale                      glacial
glances                       glanc
glapissante                   glap
glasgow                       glasgow
glissa                        gliss
glissaient                    gliss
glissait                      gliss
glissant                      gliss
glisse                        gliss
glisse'                       gliss
glissent                      glissent
glisser                       gliss
glissera                      gliss
glissons                      glisson
globe                         glob
gloire                        gloir
glorieux                      glorieux
glory                         glory
gloutons                      glouton
glu                           glu
goa                           go
gobelet                       gobelet
godart                        godart
godavery                      godavery
godille                       godill
goe'lette                     goe'let
goe'lettes                    goe'let
goethe                        goeth
goguenard                     goguenard
goguenards                    goguenard
golconde                      golcond
goldoni                       goldon
golfe                         golf
golfes                        golf
golgonda                      golgond
golgonde                      golgond
gonds                         gond
gongs                         gong
gonzo                         gonzo
gorge                         gorg
gorge'es                      gorg
gorges                        gorg
gothard                       gothard
gothique                      gothiqu
gothiques                     gothiqu
gouailler                     gouaill
goudron                       goudron
goule'e                       goul
gour                          gour
gourmande                     gourmand
gourmandise                   gourmandis
gourmets                      gourmet
gousset                       gousset
gou^t                         gou^t
gou^ta                        gou^t
gou^tant                      gou^t
gou^te                        gou^t
gou^te'                       gou^t
gou^te'es                     gou^t
gou^ter                       gou^t
gou^terait                    gou^t
gou^te's                      gou^t
gou^ts                        gou^t
goutte                        goutt
gouttes                       goutt
gouvernail                    gouvernail
gouvernait                    gouvern
gouverne                      gouvern
gouverne'                     gouvern
gouvernement                  gouvern
gouvernements                 gouvern
gouvernent                    gouvernent
gouverner                     gouvern
gouverneriez                  gouvern
gouverneur                    gouverneur
gouverneurs                   gouverneur
gouvion                       gouvion
government                    government
gra^ce                        gra^c
gra^ces                       gra^c
gracieuse                     gracieux
gracieusement                 gracieux
gracieuses                    gracieux
gracieux                      gracieux
grade                         grad
gradue'e                      gradu
graduellement                 graduel
grain                         grain
grains                        grain
graisse                       graiss
graisser                      graiss
grand                         grand
grande                        grand
grandement                    grand
grandes                       grand
grandeur                      grandeur
grandeurs                     grandeur
grandi                        grand
grandie                       grand
grandiose                     grandios
grandis                       grand
grandit                       grand
grands                        grand
granit                        gran
grant                         grant
granvelle                     granvel
grappe                        grapp
gras                          gras
grasse                        grass
gratification                 gratif
gratifie'                     gratifi
gratis                        grat
gratius                       gratius
gratter                       gratt
gratuite                      gratuit
gratuitement                  gratuit
grave                         grav
grave'                        grav
gravement                     grav
graver                        grav
graves                        grav
graveur                       graveur
gravir                        grav
gravissaient                  grav
gravitaient                   gravit
gravite'                      gravit
gravures                      gravur
gray                          gray
gre'                          gre'
great                         great
greatly                       greatly
grec                          grec
gre`ce                        grec
grecque                       grecqu
grecques                      grecqu
gredin                        gredin
gre'e'                        gre'
green                         green
greenwich                     greenwich
gre'er                        gre'
greffier                      greffi
gre'goire                     gre'goir
gre^les                       gre^l
grenade                       grenad
grenadier                     grenadi
grenadiers                    grenadi
grenier                       greni
gre`ve                        grev
grianta                       griant
griefs                        grief
grie`vement                   griev
griffe                        griff
griffonnages                  griffonnag
griffonnait                   griffon
grillages                     grillag
grille                        grill
grille'                       grill
grille'e                      grill
grille'es                     grill
grilles                       grill
grillo                        grillo
grimac,ant                    grimac
grimac,ante                   grimac
grimac,antes                  grimac
grimac,ants                   grimac
grimace                       grimac
grimaces                      grimac
grimer                        grim
grimpait                      grimp
grimpant                      grimp
gringalet                     gringalet
gris                          gris
grisa^tre                     grisa^tr
grise                         gris
grise'                        gris
grisonnants                   grison
grivele'                      grivel
grogeot                       grogeot
grognement                    grogn
grognon                       grognon
gronda                        grond
grondait                      grond
grondant                      grond
gronde                        grond
gronde'                       grond
gronde'e                      grond
gronder                       grond
gronderez                     grond
grondez                       grond
groom                         groom
gros                          gros
groseilles                    groseil
grosse                        gross
grosses                       gross
grossesse                     grossess
grosseur                      grosseur
grossie                       gross
grossier                      grossi
grossie`re                    grossi
grossie`rement                grossier
grossie`res                   grossi
grossie`rete'                 grossie`ret
grossie`rete's                grossie`ret
grossiers                     grossi
grotesque                     grotesqu
grotesques                    grotesqu
grotte                        grott
grottes                       grott
grouillait                    grouill
groupe                        group
groupes                       group
grues                         gru
guardate                      guardat
gue`bres                      guebr
guenilles                     guenill
gue'pards                     gue'pard
guerchin                      guerchin
gue`re                        guer
gue'ri                        guer
gue'rin                       gue'rin
gue'rir                       guer
gue'rison                     gue'rison
gue'rissez                    guer
gue'rit                       guer
gue'rite                      gue'rit
gue'rites                     gue'rit
guerre                        guerr
guerres                       guerr
guerriers                     guerri
guess                         guess
guet                          guet
guetta                        guet
guettait                      guet
guette                        guet
guettent                      guettent
guetteurs                     guetteur
gueule                        gueul
gueux                         gueux
gui                           gui
guichet                       guichet
guichetier                    guicheti
guidant                       guid
guide                         guid
guide'                        guid
guide'e                       guid
guider                        guid
guide's                       guid
guidon                        guidon
guignon                       guignon
guillotinaient                guillotin
guillotine                    guillotin
guillotine'                   guillotin
guillotiner                   guillotin
guillotine's                  guillotin
guinde'                       guind
guinder                       guind
guine'e                       guin
guine'es                      guin
guise                         guis
guitare                       guitar
gustave                       gustav
guy                           guy
gymnase                       gymnas
gymnaste                      gymnast
gymnastes                     gymnast
gymnastique                   gymnast
h                             h
ha                            ha
habile                        habil
habilement                    habil
habiles                       habil
habilete'                     habilet
habilla                       habill
habillait                     habill
habillant                     habill
habille                       habill
habille'                      habill
habille'e                     habill
habillement                   habill
habiller                      habill
habille's                     habill
habit                         hab
habitais                      habit
habitait                      habit
habitant                      habit
habitants                     habit
habitation                    habit
habite                        habit
habite'                       habit
habite'e                      habit
habiter                       habit
habiterai                     habit
habiteras                     habit
habite's                      habit
habitez                       habit
habits                        habit
habitude                      habitud
habitudes                     habitud
habitue'e                     habitu
habituel                      habituel
habituelle                    habituel
habituellement                habituel
habituelles                   habituel
habituels                     habituel
habitue's                     habitu
hache                         hach
haches                        hach
hagard                        hagard
hagards                       hagard
hai"                          hai"
haie                          hai
haies                         hai
haillons                      haillon
haine                         hain
haines                        hain
haineuse                      haineux
haineuses                     haineux
hair                          hair
hai"r                         hai"r
hai"raient                    hai"r
hais                          hais
hai"ssaient                   hai"ss
hai"ssait                     hai"ss
hai"ssent                     hai"ssent
hait                          hait
ha^la                         ha^l
halage                        halag
ha^le                         ha^l
haleine                       halein
haletant                      halet
halleck                       halleck
halte                         halt
haltes                        halt
hambourg                      hambourg
hambourgeois                  hambourgeois
hambourgeoise                 hambourgeois
hameau                        hameau
hampe                         hamp
hanche                        hanch
hand                          hand
hang                          hang
hangar                        hangar
hante'e                       hant
hante'es                      hant
happy                         happy
harangua                      harangu
haranguer                     harangu
harasse's                     harass
hardes                        hard
hardi                         hard
hardie                        hard
hardies                       hard
hardiesse                     hardiess
hardiment                     hard
hardis                        hard
harmonie                      harmon
harmonieusement               harmoni
harmonieux                    harmoni
harmoniques                   harmon
harpe                         harp
hasard                        hasard
hasarda                       hasard
hasardaient                   hasard
hasarde                       hasard
hasarde'                      hasard
hasarder                      hasard
hasardera                     hasard
hasardeuse                    hasard
hasardeuses                   hasard
hasardeux                     hasard
hasards                       hasard
ha^ta                         ha^t
ha^tait                       ha^t
ha^te                         ha^t
ha^te'                        ha^t
ha^ter                        ha^t
ha^te`rent                    ha^t
ha^tez                        ha^t
ha^tons                       ha^ton
haubans                       hauban
haubert                       haubert
haus                          haus
haussant                      hauss
hausse'                       hauss
haussement                    hauss
haut                          haut
hautain                       hautain
hautaine                      hautain
haute                         haut
hautement                     haut
hautes                        haut
hauteur                       hauteur
hauteurs                      hauteur
hauts                         haut
havre                         havr
hay                           hay
hayez                         hai
he                            he
he'                           he'
heaviest                      heaviest
he'be'te'                     he'bet
he'be'te's                    he'bet
hein                          hein
he'la                         hel
he'las                        hel
he'le`ne                      he'len
he'lice                       he'lic
he'loi"se                     he'loi"s
helve'tie                     helvet
he'misphe`re                  he'mispher
henne'                        hen
hennissant                    hen
hennissement                  hen
hennissements                 hen
hennit                        hen
henri                         henr
henriet                       henriet
henrietta                     henriet
henry                         henry
her                           her
he'raut                       he'raut
he'rauts                      he'raut
herbe                         herb
herbes                        herb
hercule                       hercul
hercule'enne                  hercule'en
he`re                         her
he're'ditaire                 he're'ditair
he're'dite'                   he'red
he`res                        her
he're'sie                     he'res
he're'sies                    he'res
he'risse                      her
he'risse'                     he'riss
he'risse'e                    he'riss
he'risse'es                   he'riss
he'risse's                    he'riss
he'ritage                     he'ritag
he'rite'                      he'rit
he'ritier                     he'riti
he'ritie`re                   he'riti
herme'tiquement               hermet
hernani                       hernan
he'rodiade                    he'rodiad
he'rodiades                   he'rodiad
he'roi"ne                     he'roi"n
he'roi"que                    he'roi"qu
he'roi"quement                he'roi"qu
he'roi"ques                   he'roi"qu
he'roi"sme                    he'roi"sm
he'ron                        he'ron
he'ros                        he'ros
hers                          her
he'sita                       he'sit
he'sitait                     he'sit
he'sitant                     he'sit
he'sitation                   he'sit
he'site                       he'sit
he'site'                      he'sit
he'siter                      he'sit
he'siterais                   he'sit
he'siteront                   he'sit
he'sitiez                     he'sit
he^tre                        he^tr
he^tres                       he^tr
heure                         heur
heures                        heur
heureuse                      heureux
heureusement                  heureux
heureuses                     heureux
heureux                       heureux
heurtaient                    heurt
heurte                        heurt
heurter                       heurt
hic                           hic
hideuse                       hideux
hideuses                      hideux
hideux                        hideux
hier                          hi
hie'rarchie                   hie'rarch
hill                          hill
himalaya                      himalai
hindous                       hindous
hip                           hip
hippolyte                     hippolyt
his                           his
hissa                         hiss
hisse'                        hiss
hisse'es                      hiss
histoire                      histoir
histoires                     histoir
historien                     historien
historiens                    historien
historique                    histor
historiques                   histor
histrion                      histrion
hitch                         hitch
hiver                         hiv
ho                            ho
hobbes                        hobb
hobereau                      hobereau
hobereaux                     hobereau
hoc                           hoc
hochant                       hoch
hoche                         hoch
hola`                         hola`
holland                       holland
hollandais                    holland
hollandaises                  hollandais
hollande                      holland
home'lie                      homel
home'lies                     homel
home`re                       homer
hommage                       hommag
hommages                      hommag
homme                         homm
hommes                        homm
hong                          hong
hongrois                      hongrois
honne^te                      honne^t
honne^tes                     honne^t
honne^tete'                   honne^tet
honne^tete's                  honne^tet
honneur                       honneur
honneurs                      honneur
honorabilite'                 honor
honorable                     honor
honorables                    honor
honore                        honor
honore'                       honor
honore'e                      honor
honorent                      honorent
honorer                       honor
honorera                      honor
honore's                      honor
honte                         hont
honteuse                      honteux
honteusement                  honteux
honteux                       honteux
honur                         honur
hook                          hook
ho^pital                      ho^pital
ho^pitaux                     ho^pital
horace                        horac
horde                         hord
horions                       horion
horizon                       horizon
horloge                       horlog
horlogerie                    horloger
horloges                      horlog
horreur                       horreur
horreurs                      horreur
horrible                      horribl
horriblement                  horribl
horribles                     horribl
hors                          hor
hospice                       hospic
hospitalite'                  hospital
hostie                        host
hostile                       hostil
hostiles                      hostil
hostilite'                    hostil
ho^te                         ho^t
ho^tel                        ho^tel
ho^tels                       ho^tel
ho^tes                        ho^t
ho^tesse                      ho^tess
ho^tesses                     ho^tess
hotte                         hott
hottentots                    hottentot
hougly                        hougly
houille                       houill
houle                         houl
houles                        houl
houleuse                      houleux
housards                      housard
house                         hous
housse                        houss
how                           how
hudson                        hudson
hugo                          hugo
hui                           hui
huile                         huil
huile'                        huil
huissier                      huissi
huit                          huit
huitie`me                     huitiem
hui^tres                      hui^tr
humain                        humain
humaine                       humain
humainement                   humain
humaines                      humain
humains                       humain
humait                        hum
humaniste                     human
humanite'                     human
humanite's                    human
humble                        humbl
humblement                    humbl
humbles                       humbl
humboldt                      humboldt
hume                          hum
humer                         hum
humeur                        humeur
humide                        humid
humides                       humid
humidite'                     humid
humiliant                     humili
humiliante                    humili
humiliantes                   humili
humiliants                    humili
humiliation                   humili
humiliations                  humili
humilie                       humil
humilie'                      humili
humilie'e                     humili
humilient                     humilient
humilier                      humili
humiliez                      humil
humilite'                     humil
hune                          hun
huniers                       huni
hurlante                      hurl
hurlements                    hurl
hurlent                       hurlent
hurler                        hurl
hurrah                        hurrah
hurrahs                       hurrah
hussard                       hussard
hussarde                      hussard
hussards                      hussard
hutte                         hutt
huttes                        hutt
hvram                         hvram
hydroge`ne                    hydrogen
hydrographique                hydrograph
hye`res                       hyer
hypocrisie                    hypocris
hypocrisies                   hypocris
hypocrite                     hypocrit
hypocrites                    hypocrit
hypoge'es                     hypog
hypothe`se                    hypothes
i                             i
iago                          iago
ici                           ici
ideal                         ideal
ide'al                        ide'al
ide'ale                       ide'al
ide'e                         ide'
ide'es                        ide'
identique                     ident
identite'                     ident
idiots                        idiot
idola^trie                    idola^tr
idole                         idol
ignares                       ignar
ignes                         igne
ignoble                       ignobl
ignobles                      ignobl
ignominie                     ignomin
ignoraient                    ignor
ignorais                      ignor
ignorait                      ignor
ignorance                     ignor
ignorant                      ignor
ignorante                     ignor
ignore                        ignor
ignorent                      ignorent
ignorer                       ignor
ignores                       ignor
ignoriez                      ignor
ii                            ii
iii                           iii
il                            il
i^le                          i^le
i^les                         i^le
illicites                     illicit
illimite'                     illim
illimite'e                    illimit
illinois                      illinois
illisible                     illisibl
illisibles                    illisibl
illumina                      illumin
illumination                  illumin
illumine'                     illumin
illumine'e                    illumin
illuminer                     illumin
illusion                      illus
illusions                     illus
illustrated                   illustrated
illustration                  illustr
illustre                      illustr
illustrer                     illustr
illustrissime                 illustrissim
i^lot                         i^lot
i^lots                        i^lot
ils                           il
image                         imag
images                        imag
imagina                       imagin
imaginaient                   imagin
imaginaire                    imaginair
imaginaires                   imaginair
imaginais                     imagin
imaginait                     imagin
imaginant                     imagin
imagination                   imagin
imaginations                  imagin
imaginative                   imagin
imagine                       imagin
imagine'                      imagin
imaginer                      imagin
imbe'cile                     imbe'cil
imbe'ciles                    imbe'cil
imita                         imit
imitait                       imit
imitant                       imit
imitation                     imit
imite'                        imit
imite'es                      imit
imiter                        imit
imman                         imman
immanquable                   immanqu
immanquablement               immanqu
imme'diat                     imme'diat
imme'diate                    imme'diat
imme'diatement                imme'diat
imme'diates                   imme'diat
imme'diats                    imme'diat
immense                       immens
immense'ment                  immens
immenses                      immens
immensite'                    immens
imminence                     imminent
imminent                      imminent
immobile                      immobil
immobiles                     immobil
immole'                       immol
immoler                       immol
immonde                       immond
immoral                       immoral
immorales                     immoral
immoralite'                   immoral
immortalise'                  immortalis
immortaliser                  immortalis
immortel                      immortel
immuable                      immuabl
imola                         imol
impardonnable                 impardon
impardonnables                impardon
imparfait                     imparf
imparfaite                    imparfait
imparfaitement                imparfait
impassibilite'                impassibil
impassible                    impassibl
impatience                    impatient
impatient                     impatient
impatienta                    impatient
impatientait                  impatient
impatientant                  impatient
impatientante                 impatient
impatiente                    impatient
impatiente'                   impatient
impatiente'e                  impatient
impatienter                   impatient
impatientera                  impatient
impayable                     impai
impe'ne'trable                impe'netr
impe'ratif                    imper
impe'ratrice                  imper
imperceptibles                imperceptibl
imperfection                  imperfect
impe'rial                     impe'rial
impe'riale                    impe'rial
impe'riales                   impe'rial
impe'rieuse                   impe'ri
impe'rieusement               impe'ri
impe'rieux                    impe'ri
impertinence                  impertinent
impertinences                 impertinent
impertinent                   impertinent
impertinente                  impertinent
impertinentes                 impertinent
imperturbable                 imperturb
imperturbablement             imperturb
impe'tueusement               impe'tu
impie                         impi
impies                        impi
impie'te'                     impiet
impitoyable                   impitoi
impitoyablement               impitoi
implacable                    implac
implicite                     implicit
implora                       implor
implorer                      implor
impoli                        impol
impolie                       impol
impoliment                    impol
importait                     import
importance                    import
important                     import
importante                    import
importantes                   import
importants                    import
importe                       import
importe'e                     import
importent                     importent
importe's                     import
importun                      importun
importuna                     importun
importune                     importun
importunite's                 importun
importuns                     importun
imposa                        impos
imposaient                    impos
imposait                      impos
imposant                      impos
imposante                     impos
impose                        impos
impose'                       impos
impose'e                      impos
impose'es                     impos
imposent                      imposent
imposer                       impos
imposera                      impos
impose`rent                   impos
impose's                      impos
impositions                   imposit
impossibilite'                impossibil
impossible                    impossibl
impossibles                   impossibl
impraticable                  impratic
impre'cations                 imprec
impre'gnait                   impregn
impre'gne'                    impregn
impresario                    impresario
imprescriptibles              imprescriptibl
impression                    impress
impressionna                  impression
impressionnait                impression
impressions                   impress
impre'vu                      impre'vu
impre'vue                     impre'vu
impre'vues                    impre'vu
imprima                       imprim
imprimait                     imprim
imprime                       imprim
imprime'                      imprim
imprime'e                     imprim
imprime'es                    imprim
imprimer                      imprim
imprimerie                    imprimer
imprime's                     imprim
imprimeur                     imprimeur
imprimeurs                    imprimeur
improbable                    improb
improbables                   improb
impromptu                     impromptu
impromptue                    impromptu
impropre                      impropr
improprement                  impropr
improvisais                   improvis
improvisait                   improvis
improvise'e                   improvis
improvise'es                  improvis
improvises                    improvis
improvise's                   improvis
improviste                    improv
imprudemment                  imprudent
imprudence                    imprudent
imprudences                   imprudent
imprudent                     imprudent
imprudente                    imprudent
imprudentes                   imprudent
imprudents                    imprudent
impudence                     impudent
impudent                      impudent
impudents                     impudent
impuissante                   impuiss
impuissants                   impuiss
impulsion                     impuls
impune'ment                   impun
impunite'                     impun
imputant                      imput
imputations                   imput
impute'es                     imput
imputer                       imput
in                            in
ina                           ina
inaccessible                  inaccessibl
inaccessibles                 inaccessibl
inaccoutume'                  inaccoutum
inaccoutume'e                 inaccoutum
inaccoutume'es                inaccoutum
inaction                      inact
inadmissible                  inadmissibl
inadmissibles                 inadmissibl
inalte'rable                  inalter
inamovible                    inamovibl
inanime'                      inanim
inanime'e                     inanim
inanime's                     inanim
inaperc,u                     inaperc,u
inaperc,ue                    inaperc,u
inaperc,ues                   inaperc,u
inarticule's                  inarticul
inattaquable                  inattaqu
inattaquables                 inattaqu
inattendu                     inattendu
inattendue                    inattendu
inattention                   inattent
inauguration                  inaugur
inaugurer                     inaugur
incapable                     incap
incarne                       incarn
incarne'e                     incarn
incartade                     incartad
incedo                        incedo
incendiaires                  incendiair
incendie                      incend
incendies                     incend
incertain                     incertain
incertaine                    incertain
incertains                    incertain
incertitude                   incertitud
incertitudes                  incertitud
incessamment                  incess
incessant                     incess
incessants                    incess
inceste                       incest
incident                      incident
incidenter                    incident
incidents                     incident
incisif                       incis
incisions                     incis
incisive                      incis
incisives                     incis
inclina                       inclin
inclinaient                   inclin
inclination                   inclin
incline'                      inclin
incline'e                     inclin
inclinera                     inclin
inclus                        inclus
incluse                       inclus
incognito                     incognito
incommensurable               incommensur
incommode                     incommod
incommode'e                   incommod
incommodes                    incommod
incommodite'                  incommod
incomodo                      incomodo
incompatible                  incompatibl
incompatibles                 incompatibl
incomple`tes                  incomplet
incongruite'                  incongru
inconnu                       inconnu
inconnue                      inconnu
inconnus                      inconnus
inconsciemment                inconscient
inconsciente                  inconscient
inconside're'e                inconsider
inconsolable                  inconsol
inconstance                   inconst
inconstant                    inconst
inconstante                   inconst
incontestable                 incontest
incontestablement             incontest
inconvenance                  inconven
inconvenant                   inconven
inconvenante                  inconven
inconvenantes                 inconven
inconve'nient                 inconve'nient
inconve'nients                inconve'nient
incorporer                    incorpor
incre'dule                    incre'dul
incre'dulite'                 incre'dul
incriminait                   incrimin
incroyable                    incroi
incroyables                   incroi
incrusta                      incrust
incruster                     incrust
incruste's                    incrust
incurie                       incur
inde                          inde
inde'cence                    inde'cent
inde'cent                     inde'cent
inde'centes                   inde'cent
inde'cents                    inde'cent
inde'chiffrable               inde'chiffr
inde'cis                      indec
inde'cise                     inde'cis
inde'fini                     inde'fin
inde'finissable               inde'finiss
inde'licatesse                inde'licatess
indemne                       indemn
inde'pendamment               inde'pend
independance                  independ
inde'pendance                 inde'pend
inde'pendant                  inde'pend
inde'pendante                 inde'pend
inde'pendantes                inde'pend
inde'pendants                 inde'pend
indes                         inde
indian                        indian
indiana                       indian
indication                    indiqu
indications                   indiqu
indices                       indic
indicible                     indicibl
indicibles                    indicibl
indien                        indien
indienne                      indien
indiens                       indien
indiffe'rence                 indiffe'rent
indiffe'rent                  indiffe'rent
indiffe'rents                 indiffe'rent
indige`ne                     indigen
indige`nes                    indigen
indigna                       indign
indignation                   indign
indignations                  indign
indigne                       indign
indigne'                      indign
indigne'e                     indign
indignement                   indign
indigner                      indign
indignes                      indign
indigne's                     indign
indigo                        indigo
indiqua                       indiqu
indiquaient                   indiqu
indiquait                     indiqu
indiquant                     indiqu
indique                       indiqu
indique'                      indiqu
indique'e                     indiqu
indiquent                     indiquent
indiquer                      indiqu
indiquera                     indiqu
indiquerait                   indiqu
indique's                     indiqu
indiquez                      indiqu
indirect                      indirect
indirecte                     indirect
indirectement                 indirect
indirectes                    indirect
indiscret                     indiscret
indiscre`te                   indiscret
indiscre`tes                  indiscret
indiscre'tion                 indiscret
indiscre'tions                indiscret
indiscrets                    indiscret
indispensable                 indispens
indispensables                indispens
indispose'                    indispos
indispose'e                   indispos
indisposition                 indisposit
indistincte                   indistinct
individu                      individu
individuelle                  individuel
individus                     individus
indou                         indou
indoue                        indou
indoues                       indou
indous                        indous
indubitable                   indubit
indue                         indu
indulgence                    indulgent
indulgent                     indulgent
indulgente                    indulgent
indulgents                    indulgent
indus                         indus
industrie                     industr
industriel                    industriel
industrielle                  industriel
industriels                   industriel
industrieux                   industri
ine'branlable                 ine'branl
inedit                        ined
ine'dit                       ined
ineffac,able                  ineffac
ine'gal                       ine'gal
ine'galement                  ine'gal
ine'gales                     ine'gal
ine'le'gantes                 ine'leg
ine'prouve'                   ine'prouv
inepte                        inept
ineptes                       inept
ine'puisable                  ine'puis
inerte                        inert
inespe're'                    inesper
ine'vitablement               ine'vit
ine'vitables                  ine'vit
inexactitude                  inexactitud
inexe'cutable                 inexe'cut
inexorable                    inexor
inexpe'rimente'               inexpe'riment
inexplicable                  inexplic
inexprimable                  inexprim
inexprimables                 inexprim
inextricable                  inextric
infa^me                       infa^m
infa^mes                      infa^m
infamie                       infam
infamies                      infam
infanterie                    infanter
infatigable                   infatig
infe'rieur                    infe'rieur
infe'rieure                   infe'rieur
infe'rieures                  infe'rieur
infe'rieurs                   infe'rieur
infe'riorite'                 infe'rior
infernale                     infernal
infide`le                     infidel
infide'lite'                  infidel
infini                        infin
infinie                       infin
infinies                      infin
infiniment                    infin
infinis                       infin
infinite'                     infin
infirmerie                    infirmer
infirmite's                   infirm
inflammation                  inflamm
infle'chit                    inflech
inflige'                      inflig
inflige'e                     inflig
infliger                      inflig
influence                     influenc
influencer                    influenc
influent                      influent
influents                     influent
influer                       influ
informa                       inform
informait                     inform
informations                  inform
informe'e                     inform
informes                      inform
informe's                     inform
infortune                     infortun
infortune'                    infortun
infortune'e                   infortun
infortunes                    infortun
infortune's                   infortun
infraction                    infract
infusion                      infus
inge'nieur                    inge'nieur
inge'nieurs                   inge'nieur
inge'nieuse                   inge'ni
inge'nieusement               inge'ni
inge'nieuses                  inge'ni
inge'nieux                    inge'ni
inge'nu                       inge'nu
ingrat                        ingrat
ingrate                       ingrat
ingratitude                   ingratitud
inhabilete'                   inhabilet
inhabite'e                    inhabit
inhalation                    inhal
inhe'rent                     inhe'rent
inhe'rente                    inhe'rent
inhumaine                     inhumain
inhume'                       inhum
inintelligible                inintelligibl
iniques                       iniqu
iniquite'                     iniqu
initiative                    initi
initie`rent                   initi
injure                        injur
injures                       injur
injurie'                      injuri
injurieuse                    injuri
injurieuses                   injuri
injurieux                     injuri
injuste                       injust
injustement                   injust
injustes                      injust
injustice                     injustic
injustices                    injustic
inn                           inn
inne'                         inne'
inne'e                        inne'
innocemment                   innocent
innocence                     innocent
innocent                      innocent
innocente                     innocent
innocentes                    innocent
innombrable                   innombr
innombrables                  innombr
innovation                    innov
inoccupe'es                   inoccup
inocule'                      inocul
inoffensif                    inoffens
inondaient                    inond
inondait                      inond
inondation                    inond
inonde'                       inond
inonde'e                      inond
inonde'es                     inond
inonder                       inond
inonde`rent                   inond
inonde's                      inond
inopine'ment                  inopin
inopportunes                  inopportun
inopportuns                   inopportun
inoui"                        inoui"
inoui"s                       inoui"
inqualifiable                 inqualifi
inquiet                       inquiet
inquie'ta                     inquiet
inquie'tait                   inquiet
inquie'tant                   inquiet
inquie'tantes                 inquiet
inquie'tants                  inquiet
inquie`te                     inquiet
inquie'ter                    inquiet
inquiets                      inquiet
inquie'tude                   inquie'tud
inquie'tudes                  inquie'tud
inquisiteurs                  inquisiteur
inquisition                   inquisit
insaisissable                 insaisiss
inscription                   inscript
inscriptions                  inscript
inscrire                      inscrir
inscrit                       inscrit
inscrits                      inscrit
inscrivit                     inscriv
insectes                      insect
insense'                      insens
insense'e                     insens
insense's                     insens
insensibilite'                insensibil
insensible                    insensibl
insensiblement                insensibl
insensibles                   insensibl
inse'parable                  inse'par
inse'rer                      inser
insigne                       insign
insignes                      insign
insignifiance                 insignifi
insignifiant                  insignifi
insignifiante                 insignifi
insignifiants                 insignifi
insinuera                     insinu
insipide                      insipid
insipides                     insipid
insista                       insist
insistait                     insist
insistance                    insist
insistant                     insist
insiste                       insist
insiste'                      insist
insister                      insist
insociable                    insoci
insolemment                   insolent
insolence                     insolent
insolences                    insolent
insolent                      insolent
insolente                     insolent
insolents                     insolent
insolite                      insolit
insolites                     insolit
insouciance                   insouci
insouciant                    insouci
inspecteur                    inspecteur
inspecteurs                   inspecteur
inspection                    inspect
inspira                       inspir
inspiraient                   inspir
inspirait                     inspir
inspirant                     inspir
inspiration                   inspir
inspirations                  inspir
inspire                       inspir
inspire'                      inspir
inspire'e                     inspir
inspire'es                    inspir
inspirent                     inspirent
inspirer                      inspir
inspirerait                   inspir
inspire`rent                  inspir
inspires                      inspir
inspire's                     inspir
inspirez                      inspir
instable                      instabl
installation                  install
installe'                     install
installe'e                    install
installer                     install
installe`rent                 install
installe's                    install
instances                     instanc
instant                       instant
instantane'                   instantan
instantane'ment               instantan
instante                      instant
instants                      instant
instar                        instar
instinct                      instinct
instinctif                    instinct
instinctivement               instinct
institution                   institu
institutions                  institu
instructif                    instruct
instruction                   instruct
instructions                  instruct
instruire                     instruir
instruisait                   instruis
instruit                      instruit
instrument                    instrument
instruments                   instrument
insu                          insu
insucce`s                     insucces
insuffisant                   insuffis
insuffisante                  insuffis
insuffisantes                 insuffis
insulta                       insult
insultant                     insult
insultante                    insult
insulte                       insult
insulte'                      insult
insulter                      insult
insultes                      insult
insulteur                     insulteur
insupportable                 insupport
insupportables                insupport
insurmontable                 insurmont
insurmontables                insurmont
insurrection                  insurrect
intact                        intact
inte`gres                     integr
intellectuel                  intellectuel
intellectuelle                intellectuel
intelligence                  intelligent
intelligences                 intelligent
intelligent                   intelligent
intelligente                  intelligent
intelligenti                  intelligent
intelligents                  intelligent
intelligible                  intelligibl
intelligibles                 intelligibl
intempestive                  intempest
intendant                     intend
intense                       intens
intenses                      intens
intensite'                    intens
intention                     intent
intentionne'                  intention
intentions                    intent
interceptait                  intercept
intercepte'                   intercept
intercepte'e                  intercept
intercepte'es                 intercept
intercepter                   intercept
intercepterait                intercept
intercession                  intercess
interdire                     interdir
interdis                      interd
interdit                      interd
interdite                     interdit
inte'ressa                    inte'ress
inte'ressaient                inte'ress
inte'ressait                  inte'ress
inte'ressant                  inte'ress
inte'ressante                 inte'ress
inte'ressantes                inte'ress
inte'ressants                 inte'ress
inte'resse                    inte'ress
inte'resse'                   inte'ress
inte'resse'e                  inte'ress
inte'ressent                  inte'ressent
inte'resser                   inte'ress
inte'resseront                inte'ress
inte'resse's                  inte'ress
interet                       interet
inte're^t                     inte're^t
interets                      interet
inte're^ts                    inte're^t
inte'rieur                    inte'rieur
inte'rieure                   inte'rieur
inte'rieurement               inte'rieur
inte'rieurs                   inte'rieur
interjections                 interject
interlocuteur                 interlocuteur
interlocuteurs                interlocuteur
interlope                     interlop
interme'diaire                interme'diair
interminable                  intermin
interminables                 intermin
international                 international
interpelle'                   interpel
interpeller                   interpel
interpose'                    interpos
interpre'ta                   interpret
interpre'tation               interpret
interpre'tations              interpret
interpre'te'                  interpret
interpre'te'e                 interpret
interpre`tes                  interpret
interrogatif                  interrog
interrogation                 interrog
interrogatoire                interrogatoir
interrogatoires               interrogatoir
interroge                     interrog
interroge'                    interrog
interrogea                    interrog
interrogeant                  interrog
interroger                    interrog
interrogerait                 interrog
interrogez                    interrog
interrompait                  interromp
interrompant                  interromp
interrompirent                interromp
interrompit                   interromp
interromprait                 interrompr
interrompre                   interrompr
interrompt                    interrompt
interrompu                    interrompu
interrompue                   interrompu
interrompues                  interrompu
interrompus                   interrompus
interrupteur                  interrupteur
interruption                  interrupt
intervalle                    intervall
intervalles                   intervall
intervention                  intervent
interviendrais                interviendr
intima                        intim
intime                        intim
intimement                    intim
intimes                       intim
intimida                      intimid
intimide'                     intimid
intimident                    intimident
intimider                     intimid
intimite'                     intim
intitule's                    intitul
intole'rable                  intoler
intole'rables                 intoler
intonation                    inton
intraitable                   intrait
intre'pide                    intre'pid
intre'pidement                intre'pid
intre'pidite'                 intre'pid
intrigant                     intrig
intrigante                    intrig
intrigants                    intrig
intriguait                    intrigu
intrigue                      intrigu
intrigue'                     intrigu
intrigues                     intrigu
introduction                  introduct
introduire                    introduir
introduis                     introduis
introduisit                   introduis
introduit                     introduit
introduite                    introduit
introduits                    introduit
intrus                        intrus
inusite'e                     inusit
inutile                       inutil
inutilement                   inutil
inutiles                      inutil
inutilite                     inutilit
inutilite'                    inutil
invalides                     invalid
invariable                    invari
invariablement                invari
invariables                   invari
invasion                      invas
inventaire                    inventair
inventait                     invent
inventant                     invent
invente                       invent
invente'                      invent
invente'e                     invent
invente'es                    invent
inventer                      invent
invente`rent                  invent
inventeur                     inventeur
inventif                      invent
invention                     invent
inventions                    invent
inverse                       invers
invincible                    invincibl
invinciblement                invincibl
invisible                     invisibl
invisibles                    invisibl
invita                        invit
invitait                      invit
invitant                      invit
invitation                    invit
invitations                   invit
invite                        invit
invite'                       invit
inviter                       invit
inviterai                     invit
invite's                      invit
inviti                        invit
invocation                    invoc
involontaire                  involontair
involontairement              involontair
invraisemblable               invraisembl
invraisemblables              invraisembl
invraisemblance               invraisembl
invulne'rable                 invulner
ioniques                      ioniqu
iowa                          iow
ira                           ira
irai                          irai
iraient                       iraient
irais                         irais
irait                         irait
iras                          iras
irascible                     irascibl
irez                          irez
iriez                         iri
irlande                       irland
ironie                        iron
ironique                      iron
irons                         iron
iront                         iront
irre'gulie`re                 irre'guli
irre'gulie`rement             irre'gulier
irre'guliers                  irre'guli
irre'me'diable                irre'me'di
irre'missiblement             irre'missibl
irre'parable                  irre'par
irre'parablement              irre'par
irre'prochable                irre'proch
irre'prochables               irre'proch
irre'sistible                 irre'sistibl
irre'sistiblement             irre'sistibl
irre'sistibles                irre'sistibl
irre'solution                 irre'solu
irre'solutions                irre'solu
irresponsable                 irrespons
irre'ussites                  irre'ussit
irre'vocablement              irre'voc
irriguaient                   irrigu
irrita                        irrit
irritable                     irrit
irritaient                    irrit
irritait                      irrit
irritant                      irrit
irritation                    irrit
irrite                        irrit
irrite'                       irrit
irrite'e                      irrit
irriter                       irrit
irrite`rent                   irrit
irruption                     irrupt
is                            is
island                        island
isole                         isol
isole'                        isol
isole'e                       isol
isolement                     isol
isole's                       isol
isota                         isot
israe"l                       israe"l
issu                          issu
issue                         issu
issues                        issu
it                            it
ita                           ita
italie                        ital
italien                       italien
italienne                     italien
italiennes                    italien
italiens                      italien
itine'raire                   itine'rair
itou                          itou
its                           it
itself                        itself
iv                            iv
ivoire                        ivoir
ivre                          ivre
ivres                         ivre
ivresse                       ivress
ivrogne                       ivrogn
ivrognes                      ivrogn
ix                            ix
j                             j
jacobin                       jacobin
jacobine                      jacobin
jacobinisme                   jacobin
jacobins                      jacobin
jacopo                        jacopo
jacques                       jacqu
jadis                         jad
jaggernaut                    jaggernaut
jailli                        jaill
jaillissaient                 jaill
jais                          jais
jalousait                     jalous
jalouse                       jalous
jalouse'                      jalous
jalouses                      jalous
jalousie                      jalous
jalousies                     jalous
jaloux                        jaloux
jamais                        jam
jambe                         jamb
jambes                        jamb
james                         jam
janse'nisme                   jansen
janse'niste                   jansen
janse'nistes                  jansen
jante                         jant
janvier                       janvi
japon                         japon
japonais                      japon
japonaise                     japonais
japonaise'                    japonais
japonaises                    japonais
jaquette                      jaquet
jardin                        jardin
jardinage                     jardinag
jardinier                     jardini
jardins                       jardin
jarnac                        jarnac
jarrets                       jarret
jasant                        jas
jasent                        jasent
jaser                         jas
jasmin                        jasmin
jaugeant                      jaug
jauna^tres                    jauna^tr
jaune                         jaun
jaunes                        jaun
jaunets                       jaunet
jaunies                       jaun
je                            je
jean                          jean
jeannes                       jeann
jejeebhoy                     jejeebhoy
jejeeh                        jejeeh
jenrel                        jenrel
je're'miades                  je're'miad
je'ro^me                      je'ro^m
jersey                        jersey
je'rusalem                    je'rusalem
jest                          jest
je'suite                      je'suit
je'suites                     je'suit
je'suitique                   je'suit
je'suitisme                   je'suit
je'sus                        je'sus
jeta                          jet
jetaient                      jet
jetait                        jet
jetant                        jet
jeta^t                        jet
jete'                         jet
jete'e                        jet
jete'es                       jet
jeter                         jet
jete`rent                     jet
jete's                        jet
jetez                         jet
jetons                        jeton
jette                         jet
jettent                       jettent
jetterais                     jet
jetterait                     jet
jetterez                      jet
jeu                           jeu
jeudi                         jeud
jeudis                        jeud
jeun                          jeun
jeu^nant                      jeu^n
jeune                         jeun
jeu^ne                        jeu^n
jeunes                        jeun
jeu^nes                       jeu^n
jeunesse                      jeuness
jeux                          jeux
joe                           jo
john                          john
joie                          joi
joies                         joi
joignait                      joign
joignant                      joign
joignit                       joign
joindre                       joindr
joint                         joint
jointe                        joint
jointes                       joint
joli                          jol
jolie                         jol
jolies                        jol
joliment                      jol
jolis                         jol
jonc                          jonc
jonche'                       jonch
jonglaient                    jongl
jonglait                      jongl
jonglerie                     jongler
jongleurs                     jongleur
jonques                       jonqu
jonquille                     jonquill
joseph                        joseph
joua                          jou
jouaient                      jou
jouait                        jou
jouant                        jou
joua^t                        jou
joue                          jou
joue'                         jou
joue'e                        jou
jouer                         jou
jouera                        jou
jouerai                       jou
joueraient                    jou
jouerais                      jou
jouerait                      jou
joues                         jou
joueur                        joueur
joueurs                       joueur
jouez                         jou
joui                          jou
jouir                         jou
jouira                        jou
jouirait                      jou
jouiras                       jou
jouis                         jou
jouissaient                   jou
jouissait                     jou
jouissance                    jouiss
jouissances                   jouiss
jouissant                     jou
jouisse                       jou
jouissent                     jou
jouissons                     jou
jouit                         jou
joujoux                       joujoux
joumate                       joumat
jouons                        jouon
jour                          jour
jourdain                      jourdain
jourdan                       jourdan
journal                       journal
journalie`re                  journali
journalistes                  journal
journaux                      journal
journe'e                      journ
journe'es                     journ
journellement                 journel
jours                         jour
joyeuse                       joyeux
joyeusement                   joyeux
joyeux                        joyeux
juan                          juan
jucha                         juch
juche'                        juch
judiciaires                   judiciair
judicieux                     judici
judith                        judith
juge                          jug
juge'                         jug
jugea                         jug
jugeait                       jug
jugeant                       jug
jugement                      jug
jugements                     jug
jugent                        jugent
juger                         jug
jugera                        jug
jugerai                       jug
jugeront                      jug
juges                         jug
juge's                        jug
jugez                         jug
juif                          juif
juifs                         juif
juillet                       juillet
juin                          juin
jules                         jul
julesburgh                    julesburgh
julia                         juli
julien                        julien
jumna                         jumn
junction                      junction
jungles                       jungl
junior                        junior
jupon                         jupon
jura                          jur
juraient                      jur
jurait                        jur
jurant                        jur
jure                          jur
jure'                         jur
jure'e                        jur
jurement                      jur
jurements                     jur
jurer                         jur
jurerai                       jur
jurerais                      jur
jures                         jur
jure's                        jur
jurez                         jur
jurisconsulte                 jurisconsult
jurisconsultes                jurisconsult
juron                         juron
jurons                        juron
jury                          jury
jusqu                         jusqu
jusque                        jusqu
jusques                       jusqu
just                          just
juste                         just
justement                     just
justes                        just
justesse                      justess
justice                       justic
justifia                      justifi
justifiait                    justifi
justificatif                  justif
justification                 justif
justifications                justif
justifie                      justif
justifie'                     justifi
justifie'e                    justifi
justifier                     justifi
ka^li                         ka^l
kalisky                       kalisky
kallenger                     kalleng
kama                          kam
kamerfield                    kamerfield
kandallah                     kandallah
kanhe'rie                     kanher
kansas                        kans
kant                          kant
kauffmann                     kauffmann
kearney                       kearney
kehl                          kehl
kent                          kent
khajours                      khajour
khandeish                     khandeish
kholby                        kholby
kien                          kien
kilome`tres                   kilometr
kind                          kind
kiouni                        kioun
kirimon                       kirimon
kirkland                      kirkland
kle'ber                       kleb
kong                          kong
korasoff                      korasoff
l                             l
la                            la
la`                           la`
laborieusement                labori
laborieux                     labori
laboure'e                     labour
lac                           lac
la^cha                        la^ch
lachaise                      lachais
la^chait                      la^ch
la^che                        la^ch
la^chement                    la^ch
la^cher                       la^ch
la^ches                       la^ch
la^chete'                     la^chet
la^chez                       la^ch
laconiquement                 lacon
lacs                          lac
ladislas                      ladisl
ladri                         ladr
lafayette                     lafayet
lago                          lago
lai"c                         lai"c
lai"cs                        lai"c
laid                          laid
laide                         laid
laides                        laid
laideur                       laideur
laideurs                      laideur
laine                         lain
lai"que                       lai"qu
laissa                        laiss
laissaient                    laiss
laissais                      laiss
laissait                      laiss
laissant                      laiss
laissa^t                      laiss
laisse                        laiss
laisse'                       laiss
laisse'e                      laiss
laisse'es                     laiss
laissent                      laissent
laisser                       laiss
laissera                      laiss
laisserai                     laiss
laisserais                    laiss
laisserait                    laiss
laisse`rent                   laiss
laisserez                     laiss
laisse's                      laiss
laissez                       laiss
laissions                     laission
laissons                      laisson
lait                          lait
laiterie                      laiter
laiton                        laiton
laitue                        laitu
lake                          lak
lambeau                       lambeau
lambeaux                      lambeau
lambris                       lambr
lambrisse'e                   lambriss
lame                          lam
lame'e                        lam
lamentable                    lament
lamentables                   lament
lames                         lam
lampe                         lamp
lampes                        lamp
lanc,a                        lanc
lanc,aient                    lanc
lanc,ait                      lanc
lanc,ant                      lanc
lance                         lanc
lance'                        lanc
lance'e                       lanc
lancer                        lanc
lance's                       lanc
landau                        landau
landes                        land
landriani                     landrian
langage                       langag
lange                         lang
langue                        langu
languedoc                     languedoc
langues                       langu
langueur                      langueur
languir                       languir
languis                       languis
languissait                   languiss
languissante                  languiss
lanterne                      lantern
lanternes                     lantern
lapidaire                     lapidair
lapin                         lapin
laps                          lap
laquais                       laqu
laque                         laqu
laquelle                      laquel
laramie                       laram
lard                          lard
larga                         larg
large                         larg
largement                     larg
larges                        larg
largeur                       largeur
larguait                      largu
largue                        largu
larme                         larm
larmes                        larm
las                           las
lascia                        lasci
lassa                         lass
lasse                         lass
lasser                        lass
lasseront                     lass
last                          last
lataniers                     latani
late'rale                     late'ral
late'rales                    late'ral
latin                         latin
latinam                       latinam
latine                        latin
latines                       latin
latiniste                     latin
latinite'                     latin
latins                        latin
laudanum                      laudanum
laughter                      laught
laure'at                      laure'at
laurent                       laurent
laurier                       lauri
lauriers                      lauri
lausanne                      lausann
lavalette                     lavalet
lave                          lav
laveno                        laveno
laver                         lav
laye                          lay
le                            le
least                         least
lecco                         lecco
lec,on                        lec,on
lec,ons                       lec,on
lecteur                       lecteur
lecteurs                      lecteur
lectrice                      lectric
lecture                       lectur
ledit                         led
left                          left
le'gale                       le'gal
le'galement                   le'gal
le'galite'                    le'gal
le'gation                     le'gat
le'gendaire                   le'gendair
le'gendes                     le'gend
leger                         leg
le'ger                        leg
le'ge`re                      le'ger
le'ge`rement                  le'ger
le'ge`res                     le'ger
le'ge`rete'                   le'ge`ret
le'gers                       le'ger
le'gion                       le'gion
le'gislateur                  le'gisl
le'gislateurs                 le'gisl
le'gislature                  le'gislatur
legitime                      legitim
le'gitime                     le'gitim
le'gitimes                    le'gitim
le'gitimite'                  le'gitim
legs                          leg
le'gua                        le'gu
le`gue                        le`gu
le'gue'                       le'gu
leipsick                      leipsick
lek                           lek
le'lio                        le'lio
lendemain                     lendemain
lent                          lent
lente                         lent
lentement                     lent
lentes                        lent
lenteur                       lenteur
lenteurs                      lenteur
lents                         lent
leo                           leo
le'onard                      le'onard
le'ontine                     le'ontin
le'otard                      le'otard
le'pidopte`res                le'pidopter
lequel                        lequel
leroy                         leroy
les                           le
le's                          le'
lescaut                       lescaut
lesdits                       lesdit
le`se                         les
le'sineries                   le'siner
lesquelles                    lesquel
lesquels                      lesquel
less                          less
lesseps                       lessep
lest                          lest
leste                         lest
lestement                     lest
lester                        lest
le'thargique                  le'tharg
lettre                        lettr
lettres                       lettr
leur                          leur
leurs                         leur
leva                          lev
levait                        lev
levant                        lev
le`ve                         lev
leve'                         lev
leve'e                        lev
leve'es                       lev
le`vent                       le`vent
lever                         lev
le`vera                       lev
leve`rent                     lev
levez                         lev
levier                        levi
leviers                       levi
levis                         lev
le'vite                       le'vit
le`vre                        levr
le`vres                       levr
lia                           li
liaison                       liaison
liaisons                      liaison
liant                         li
liard                         liard
liasse                        li
liasses                       li
lia^t                         li
libelle'                      libel
libelle'e                     libel
libe'ral                      libe'ral
libe'rales                    libe'ral
libe'ralisme                  libe'ral
libe'rateur                   liber
libe'raux                     libe'ral
liberte'                      libert
libertin                      libertin
libertinage                   libertinag
libraire                      librair
libraires                     librair
libre                         libr
librement                     libr
libres                        libr
lichtenberg                   lichtenberg
lie                           li
lie'                          li
lie'e                         li
lie'es                        li
lie`ge                        lieg
lien                          lien
liens                         lien
lier                          li
lierre                        lierr
lie's                         li
lieu                          lieu
lieue                         lieu
lieues                        lieu
lieutenance                   lieuten
lieutenant                    lieuten
lieutenants                   lieuten
lieux                         lieux
lie'ven                       lie'ven
lie`vre                       lievr
lie`vres                      lievr
light                         light
ligne                         lign
lignes                        lign
ligny                         ligny
ligorio                       ligorio
ligue                         ligu
ligue's                       ligu
lilliputiens                  lilliputien
limercati                     limercat
limite                        limit
limites                       limit
limpide                       limpid
limpides                      limpid
lincoln                       lincoln
line                          lin
linge                         ling
linge`re                      linger
lingot                        lingot
linguam                       linguam
lion                          lion
lip                           lip
liqueur                       liqueur
liqueurs                      liqueur
liquide                       liquid
liquide'e                     liquid
lira                          lir
lirai                         lir
liras                         lir
lire                          lir
lis                           lis
lisaient                      lis
lisait                        lis
lisant                        lis
lisard                        lisard
lisent                        lisent
lisez                         lis
lisible                       lisibl
lisie`re                      lisi
lisse                         liss
lisses                        liss
liste                         list
lit                           lit
litanies                      litan
lithographie'e                lithographi
lithographies                 lithograph
litie`re                      liti
litie`res                     liti
lits                          lit
litte'raire                   litte'rair
litte'raires                  litte'rair
litte'ralement                litte'ral
litte'rature                  litte'ratur
little                        littl
live                          liv
liverpool                     liverpool
liveru                        liveru
livra                         livr
livraient                     livr
livrais                       livr
livrait                       livr
livre                         livr
livre'                        livr
livre'e                       livr
livre'es                      livr
livrer                        livr
livres                        livr
livre's                       livr
livret                        livret
ll                            ll
locale                        local
locarno                       locarno
locataire                     locatair
location                      locat
loch                          loch
locke                         lock
locomotion                    locomot
locomotive                    locomot
locomotives                   locomot
lodge                         lodg
lodi                          lod
loge                          log
loge'                         log
logeable                      logeabl
logement                      log
logements                     log
loger                         log
loges                         log
loge's                        log
logions                       logion
logique                       logiqu
logiques                      logiqu
logis                         log
loi                           loi
loin                          loin
lointain                      lointain
lointaine                     lointain
lointaines                    lointain
lointains                     lointain
lois                          lois
loisir                        lois
lombarde                      lombard
lombardie                     lombard
lombardo                      lombardo
lombards                      lombard
lonato                        lonato
london                        london
londonner                     london
londres                       londr
long                          long
longanimite'                  longanim
longe                         long
longeant                      long
longerons                     long
longe'vite'                   longev
longs                         long
longsferry                    longsferry
longtemps                     longtemp
longue                        longu
longuement                    longu
longues                       longu
longueur                      longueur
longueville                   longuevill
lope                          lop
loquerisne                    loquerisn
loques                        loqu
loquet                        loquet
lord                          lord
lords                         lord
lorgnette                     lorgnet
lorgnettes                    lorgnet
lors                          lor
lorsqu                        lorsqu
lorsque                       lorsqu
lot                           lot
loterie                       loter
lotus                         lotus
loua                          lou
louables                      louabl
louage                        louag
louaient                      lou
louange                       louang
louanges                      louang
louant                        lou
louche                        louch
loue                          lou
loue'                         lou
loue'e                        lou
loue'es                       lou
louer                         lou
louera                        lou
loueras                       lou
loue`rent                     lou
loueur                        loueur
loueuse                       loueux
louez                         lou
louiez                        lou
louis                         lou
louise                        louis
louons                        louon
loup                          loup
loups                         loup
lourd                         lourd
lourde                        lourd
lourdement                    lourd
lourdes                       lourd
lourdeur                      lourdeur
loutre                        loutr
louvre                        louvr
love                          lov
lowe                          low
loyal                         loyal
loyalement                    loyal
loyaute'                      loyaut
loyaux                        loyal
lu                            lu
lucides                       lucid
lucrative                     lucrat
ludovic                       ludovic
lue                           lu
lues                          lu
lueur                         lueur
lueurs                        lueur
lugano                        lugano
lugubre                       lugubr
lugubrement                   lugubr
lugubres                      lugubr
lui                           lui
luisante                      luis
lumie`re                      lumi
lumie`res                     lumi
lumineuse                     lumin
luna                          lun
lunch                         lunch
lundi                         lund
lune                          lun
lunette                       lunet
luoghi                        luogh
lustre                        lustr
lustres                       lustr
lut                           lut
luther                        luth
luttaient                     lutt
luttait                       lutt
lutte                         lutt
luttent                       luttent
lutter                        lutt
luttera                       lutt
luttes                        lutt
luxe                          lux
luxe'e                        lux
luxembourg                    luxembourg
luxuriantes                   luxuri
luz                           luz
lyce'ens                      lyce'en
lyon                          lyon
lyre                          lyr
m                             m
ma                            ma
mac                           mac
macadamise'es                 macadamis
macao                         macao
ma^chais                      ma^ch
ma^chait                      ma^ch
machiavel                     machiavel
machiave'lisme                machiavel
machiavelli                   machiavel
machinalement                 machinal
machine                       machin
machines                      machin
mackintosh                    mackintosh
macon                         macon
mac,on                        mac,on
mac,onnerie                   mac,onner
mac,ons                       mac,on
madame                        madam
made                          mad
madeleine                     madelein
mademoiselle                  mademoisel
madone                        madon
madras                        madr
madriers                      madri
maestro                       maestro
magalon                       magalon
magasin                       magasin
magasins                      magasin
maggiore                      maggior
magicien                      magicien
magie                         mag
magique                       magiqu
magistral                     magistral
magistrat                     magistrat
magistrats                    magistrat
magistrature                  magistratur
magnanime                     magnanim
magnificence                  magnificent
magnifique                    magnif
magnifiquement                magnif
magnifiques                   magnif
magot                         magot
mahomet                       mahomet
mahout                        mahout
mai                           mai
maigre                        maigr
maigres                       maigr
maigreur                      maigreur
maigri                        maigr
maigrie                       maigr
mail                          mail
mailles                       maill
main                          main
mains                         main
maintenaient                  mainten
maintenait                    mainten
maintenant                    mainten
maintenir                     mainten
maintenue                     maintenu
maintien                      maintien
maintint                      maintint
maire                         mair
maires                        mair
mairie                        mair
mais                          mais
mai"s                         mai"
maison                        maison
maisons                       maison
maistre                       maistr
maitre                        maitr
mai^tre                       mai^tr
mai^tres                      mai^tr
mai^tresse                    mai^tress
mai^tresses                   mai^tress
majeste'                      majest
majestueuse                   majestu
majestueusement               majestu
majestueux                    majestu
majeur                        majeur
majeure                       majeur
major                         major
majordome                     majordom
majordomes                    majordom
majorite'                     major
majorite's                    major
mal                           mal
malacca                       malacc
malade                        malad
malades                       malad
maladie                       malad
maladies                      malad
maladive                      malad
maladresse                    maladress
maladresses                   maladress
maladroit                     maladroit
maladroite                    maladroit
maladroitement                maladroit
malaga                        malag
malagrida                     malagrid
malais                        mal
malaise                       malais
malaisie                      malais
maldonne                      maldon
ma^le                         ma^l
malebar                       malebar
male'diction                  male'dict
malencontreuse                malencontr
malencontreusement            malencontr
malencontreux                 malencontr
malentendu                    malentendu
ma^les                        ma^l
malgre'                       malgr
malhabile                     malhabil
malheur                       malheur
malheureuse                   malheur
malheureusement               malheur
malheureuses                  malheur
malheureux                    malheur
malheurs                      malheur
malhonne^te                   malhonne^t
malhonne^tete'                malhonne^tet
malice                        malic
malicieux                     malici
maligne                       malign
malignite'                    malign
malin                         malin
mall                          mall
malle                         mall
malles                        mall
malligaum                     malligaum
malmaison                     malmaison
malmener                      malmen
maltraite                     maltrait
maltraite'                    maltrait
maltraite'es                  maltrait
maltraiter                    maltrait
maman                         maman
mameluks                      mameluk
mammacia                      mammaci
manant                        man
mancar                        mancar
manche                        manch
manches                       manch
manchester                    manchest
manda                         mand
mandarin                      mandarin
mandat                        mandat
mande'                        mand
mandeb                        mandeb
mandement                     mand
mander                        mand
mandiboy                      mandiboy
mane`ge                       maneg
ma^nes                        ma^n
manette                       manet
mange                         mang
mange'                        mang
mangea                        mang
mangeaient                    mang
mangeais                      mang
mangeait                      mang
mangeant                      mang
mangent                       mangent
mangeoire                     mangeoir
manger                        mang
mangerai                      mang
mangerait                     mang
mange`rent                    mang
mangeur                       mangeur
mangoustes                    mangoust
maniable                      maniabl
maniait                       mani
maniant                       mani
maniaque                      maniaqu
manie                         man
manie'                        mani
manier                        mani
manie`re                      mani
manie`res                     mani
manifestation                 manifest
manifeste'                    manifest
manifester                    manifest
mannequins                    mannequin
manner                        mann
manoeuvraient                 manoeuvr
manoeuvrant                   manoeuvr
manoeuvre                     manoeuvr
manoeuvre'                    manoeuvr
manoeuvrer                    manoeuvr
manoeuvres                    manoeuvr
manoeuvre's                   manoeuvr
manon                         manon
manouvriers                   manouvri
manqua                        manqu
manquaient                    manqu
manquais                      manqu
manquait                      manqu
manquant                      manqu
manqua^t                      manqu
manque                        manqu
manque'                       manqu
manque'e                      manqu
manquent                      manquent
manquer                       manqu
manquera                      manqu
manquerai                     manqu
manqueraient                  manqu
manquerais                    manqu
manquerait                    manqu
manque`rent                   manqu
manquerez                     manqu
manqueront                    manqu
manques                       manqu
manquez                       manqu
manquons                      manquon
mansarde                      mansard
manteau                       manteau
manteaux                      manteau
mantoue                       mantou
manuel                        manuel
manufacture                   manufactur
manufactures                  manufactur
manufacturie`res              manufacturi
manufacturiers                manufacturi
manuscrit                     manuscr
manuscrites                   manuscrit
manuscrits                    manuscrit
maquignon                     maquignon
marais                        mar
mara^tre                      mara^tr
marbre                        marbr
marbres                       marbr
marcha                        march
marchaient                    march
marchait                      march
marchand                      marchand
marchande                     marchand
marchandise                   marchandis
marchandises                  marchandis
marchands                     marchand
marchant                      march
marche                        march
marche'                       march
marchent                      marchent
marchepied                    marchepied
marchepieds                   marchepied
marcher                       march
marcherez                     march
marcherions                   march
marcherons                    march
marches                       march
marche's                      march
marchesi                      marches
marchesine                    marchesin
marchesino                    marchesino
marcheur                      marcheur
marcheurs                     marcheur
marchez                       march
marchiez                      march
marchions                     marchion
marchons                      marchon
mardi                         mard
mare                          mar
mare'cages                    mare'cag
mare'cageuse                  mare'cag
mare'chal                     mare'chal
mare'chale                    mare'chal
mare'chaux                    mare'chal
mare'e                        mar
marengo                       marengo
marge                         marg
marges                        marg
margot                        margot
marguerite                    marguerit
marguillier                   marguilli
mari                          mar
maria                         mari
mariage                       mariag
mariages                      mariag
mariait                       mari
marie                         mar
marie'                        mari
marie'e                       mari
marie'es                      mari
marier                        mari
mariera                       mari
marietta                      mariet
mariettina                    mariettin
marin                         marin
marini                        marin
mariniers                     marini
marino                        marino
marins                        marin
maris                         mar
maritime                      maritim
maritimes                     maritim
marke'sine                    marke'sin
market                        market
marmande                      marmand
marmots                       marmot
maroquin                      maroquin
marote                        marot
marotte                       marott
marqua                        marqu
marquaient                    marqu
marquait                      marqu
marquant                      marqu
marque                        marqu
marque'                       marqu
marque'e                      marqu
marque'es                     marqu
marquent                      marquent
marquer                       marqu
marquerai                     marqu
marque`rent                   marqu
marques                       marqu
marque's                      marqu
marqueterie                   marqueter
marquinot                     marquinot
marquis                       marqu
marquise                      marquis
marronnier                    marronni
marronniers                   marronni
marrons                       marron
mars                          mar
marseille                     marseil
marteau                       marteau
marteaux                      marteau
martial                       martial
martiale                      martial
martin                        martin
martyr                        martyr
martyre                       martyr
mary                          mary
mascarilles                   mascarill
masculin                      masculin
masculine                     masculin
maslon                        maslon
masquait                      masqu
masque                        masqu
masque'                       masqu
masque'e                      masqu
masquer                       masqu
masques                       masqu
masque's                      masqu
massacre                      massacr
massacrer                     massacr
massacre's                    massacr
massant                       mass
masse                         mass
masses                        mass
massif                        massif
massifs                       massif
massillon                     massillon
massinger                     massing
mat                           mat
ma^t                          ma^t
matches                       match
matelas                       matel
matelots                      matelot
mate'riel                     mate'riel
mate'rielle                   mate'riel
mate'riellement               mate'riel
mate'rielles                  mate'riel
mate'riels                    mate'riel
maternel                      maternel
mathe'matique                 mathe'mat
mathe'matiquement             mathe'mat
mathe'matiques                mathe'mat
mathilde                      mathild
matiere                       matier
matie`re                      mati
matieres                      matier
matie`res                     mati
matin                         matin
matinale                      matinal
matine'e                      matin
matins                        matin
matrimoniale                  matrimonial
matrimonio                    matrimonio
ma^ts                         ma^t
ma^ture                       ma^tur
ma^tures                      ma^tur
maubeuge                      maubeug
maudire                       maudir
maudis                        maud
maudissait                    maud
maudissant                    maud
maudissez                     maud
maudit                        maud
maudite                       maudit
maudits                       maudit
maugiron                      maugiron
maugirons                     maug
maugre'ait                    maugre'
maury                         maury
mausole'e                     mausol
maussade                      maussad
mauvais                       mauv
mauvaise                      mauvais
mauvaises                     mauvais
mauve                         mauv
maux                          maux
maxime                        maxim
maximes                       maxim
maximum                       maximum
mayence                       mayenc
me                            me
meako                         meako
mean                          mean
me'canicien                   me'canicien
me'canique                    me'can
me'caniquement                me'can
me'canisme                    me'can
me'ce`ne                      me'cen
me'chancete'                  me'chancet
me'chancete's                 me'chancet
me'chant                      mech
me'chante                     mech
me'chantes                    mech
me'chants                     mech
me`che                        mech
me'comptes                    me'compt
me'connaissez                 me'connaiss
me'content                    me'content
me'contente                   me'content
me'contentement               me'content
me'contents                   me'content
me'daille                     me'daill
me'decin                      me'decin
me'decine                     me'decin
me'decins                     me'decin
me'de'e                       med
medicine                      medicin
me'dicis                      me'dic
me'diocre                     me'diocr
me'diocrement                 me'diocr
me'diocres                    me'diocr
me'diocrite'                  me'diocr
me'dire                       me'dir
me'disance                    me'dis
me'di^t                       med
me'dita                       me'dit
me'ditait                     me'dit
me'ditation                   me'dit
me'ditations                  me'dit
me'dite'e                     me'dit
me'diter                      me'dit
meeting                       meeting
me'fiance                     me'fianc
me'fiant                      me'fi
me'fie                        mef
me'fier                       me'fi
meilleur                      meilleur
meilleure                     meilleur
meilleures                    meilleur
meilleurs                     meilleur
me^la                         me^l
me^laient                     me^l
me^lait                       me^l
me'lancolie                   me'lancol
me'lancolique                 me'lancol
me'lancoliquement             me'lancol
me'lange                      me'lang
me'lange'                     me'lang
me'lange'e                    me'lang
me'lange'es                   me'lang
me^lant                       me^l
me^le                         me^l
me^le'                        me^l
me^le'e                       me^l
me^lent                       me^lent
me^ler                        me^l
me^le's                       me^l
me^lez                        me^l
me'lodie                      me'lod
me'lodieuse                   me'lodi
me'lodrame                    me'lodram
melzi                         melz
membre                        membr
membres                       membr
membrure                      membrur
meme                          mem
me^me                         me^m
me^mes                        me^m
me'moire                      me'moir
me'moires                     me'moir
me'morial                     me'morial
menac,a                       menac
menac,aient                   menac
menac,ais                     menac
menac,ait                     menac
menac,ant                     menac
menace                        menac
menace'                       menac
menace'e                      menac
menacer                       menac
menaces                       menac
me'nage                       me'nag
me'nage'                      me'nag
me'nagement                   me'nag
me'nagements                  me'nag
me'nager                      me'nag
me'nagera                     me'nag
me'nages                      me'nag
me'nagez                      me'nag
menagio                       menagio
menait                        men
mendiant                      mendi
mendiante                     mendi
mendicite'                    mendiqu
me`ne                         men
mene'                         men
mene'e                        men
mene'es                       men
mener                         men
me`nera                       men
me`nerai                      men
me`nerais                     men
me`nerait                     men
mene`rent                     men
meneurs                       meneur
menez                         men
menottes                      menott
mens                          men
mensonge                      mensong
mensonges                     mensong
mentait                       ment
mentales                      mental
mente                         ment
menteurs                      menteur
menteuse                      menteux
mentez                        ment
menti                         ment
mention                       mention
mentionne                     mention
mentionner                    mention
mentir                        ment
mentirais                     ment
menton                        menton
menues                        menu
menuiserie                    menuiser
menuisier                     menuisi
menuisiers                    menuisi
me'phistophe'le`s             me'phistophe'les
me'prenait                    me'pren
me'prendre                    me'prendr
me'pris                       mepr
me'prisa                      me'pris
me'prisable                   me'pris
me'prisais                    me'pris
me'prisait                    me'pris
me'prisant                    me'pris
me'prise                      me'pris
me'prise'                     me'pris
me'prise'e                    me'pris
me'prisent                    me'prisent
me'priser                     me'pris
me'prisera                    me'pris
me'priserai                   me'pris
me'priseraient                me'pris
me'priserait                  me'pris
me'prisez                     me'pris
mer                           mer
mercadante                    mercad
mercantile                    mercantil
merci                         merc
mercredi                      mercred
mercure                       mercur
me`re                         mer
me'ridien                     me'ridien
me'ridiens                    me'ridien
me'ridional                   me'ridional
me'ridionale                  me'ridional
me'ridionaux                  me'ridional
me'rime'e                     me'rim
me'ritait                     me'rit
me'ritant                     me'rit
me'rite                       me'rit
me'rite'                      me'rit
me'rite'e                     me'rit
me'rite'es                    me'rit
me'riter                      me'rit
me'ritera                     me'rit
me'riterais                   me'rit
me'rite`rent                  me'rit
me'rites                      me'rit
me'rite's                     me'rit
me'ritez                      me'rit
me'ritoire                    me'ritoir
mers                          mer
merveille                     merveil
merveilles                    merveil
merveilleuse                  merveil
merveilleusement              merveil
merveilleuses                 merveil
merveilleux                   merveil
me'ry                         me'ry
mes                           me
me'salliance                  me'salli
me'saventure                  me'saventur
mesi                          mes
mesquin                       mesquin
mesquine                      mesquin
mesquins                      mesquin
message                       messag
messager                      messag
messageries                   messager
messe                         mess
messes                        mess
messieurs                     messieur
messire                       messir
mesure                        mesur
mesure'                       mesur
mesure'e                      mesur
mesure'es                     mesur
mesurer                       mesur
mesures                       mesur
mesure's                      mesur
met                           met
me'tal                        me'tal
me'talliques                  me'tall
me'taphysiques                me'taphys
me'te'orologiste              me'te'orolog
me'thodes                     me'thod
me'thodique                   me'thod
me'thodiquement               me'thod
me'thodisme                   me'thod
me'ticuleuse                  me'ticul
me'ticuleux                   me'ticul
me'tier                       me'ti
me'tiers                      me'ti
me`tres                       metr
me'tropole                    me'tropol
me'tropolitaine               me'tropolitain
mets                          met
mettaient                     met
mettais                       met
mettait                       met
mettant                       met
mette                         met
mettent                       mettent
mettez                        met
mettions                      mettion
mettons                       metton
mettra                        mettr
mettrai                       mettr
mettraient                    mettr
mettrais                      mettr
mettrait                      mettr
mettras                       mettr
mettre                        mettr
mettrez                       mettr
mettriez                      mettr
mettrons                      mettron
mettront                      mettront
metz                          metz
meuble                        meubl
meuble'e                      meubl
meuble'es                     meubl
meubler                       meubl
meubles                       meubl
meudon                        meudon
meunier                       meuni
meure                         meur
meures                        meur
meurs                         meur
meurt                         meurt
meurtre                       meurtr
meurtres                      meurtr
meurtrier                     meurtri
meurtrie`re                   meurtri
meurtris                      meurtr
meurtrissure                  meurtrissur
meus                          meus
mexicain                      mexicain
mexique                       mexiqu
mezzo                         mezzo
mi                            mi
mia                           mi
miaule'                       miaul
michaud                       michaud
michel                        michel
michele                       michel
michelet                      michelet
micheli                       michel
michigan                      michigan
microscope                    microscop
microscopique                 microscop
microscopiques                microscop
midi                          mid
mielleuse                     mielleux
mielleuses                    mielleux
mien                          mien
mienne                        mien
miens                         mien
miettes                       miet
mieux                         mieux
mignonnes                     mignon
migraine                      migrain
migration                     migrat
mikado                        mikado
milan                         milan
milanais                      milan
milanaise                     milanais
milieu                        milieu
militaire                     militair
militaires                    militair
mille                         mill
milles                        mill
milliard                      milliard
milliards                     milliard
milliers                      milli
million                       million
millionnaire                  millionnair
millionnaires                 millionnair
millions                      million
mimose'es                     mimos
minaret                       minaret
minarets                      minaret
mince                         minc
minces                        minc
mind                          mind
mine                          min
mine'ralogie                  mine'ralog
mine'raux                     mine'ral
minerve                       minerv
mines                         min
mineurs                       mineur
miniature                     miniatur
minimum                       minimum
ministe`re                    minister
ministe`res                   minister
ministe'riel                  ministe'riel
ministe'rielle                ministe'riel
ministre                      ministr
ministres                     ministr
minuit                        minuit
minute                        minut
minutes                       minut
mirabeau                      mirabeau
miracle                       miracl
miracles                      miracl
miraculeuse                   miracul
mirari                        mirar
miraut                        miraut
mire                          mir
mirent                        mirent
miroir                        miroir
mis                           mis
misaine                       misain
mise                          mis
mise`ne                       misen
mise'rable                    miser
mise'rables                   miser
mise`re                       miser
mise`res                      miser
mise'ricorde                  mise'ricord
mises                         mis
missel                        missel
mission                       mission
missionnaire                  missionnair
missions                      mission
mississippi                   mississipp
missive                       missiv
missouri                      missour
mit                           mit
mi^t                          mi^t
mitiger                       mitig
mitre                         mitr
mitres                        mitr
mm                            mm
mme                           mme
mobile                        mobil
mobiles                       mobil
mobilite'                     mobil
mode                          mod
mode`le                       model
modele'e                      model
mode`les                      model
mode`ne                       moden
mode'ra                       moder
mode'ration                   moder
mode're'                      moder
mode're'e                     moder
mode're's                     moder
mode'rez                      moder
moderne                       modern
modernes                      modern
modes                         mod
modeste                       modest
modestie                      modest
modifia                       modifi
modification                  modif
modifie'e                     modifi
modifier                      modifi
modifierait                   modifi
moelleux                      moelleux
moeurs                        moeur
moi                           moi
moindre                       moindr
moindres                      moindr
moine                         moin
moineaux                      moineau
moines                        moin
moins                         moin
moirod                        moirod
mois                          mois
moisson                       moisson
moitie'                       moiti
moka                          mok
mole                          mol
molie`re                      moli
molle                         moll
mollement                     moll
molleton                      molleton
mollissait                    moll
mollit                        moll
moltiplico                    moltiplico
moment                        moment
momentane'e                   momentan
moments                       moment
momie                         mom
momies                        mom
mon                           mon
monaca                        monac
monarchie                     monarch
monarchies                    monarch
monarchique                   monarch
monarchiques                  monarch
monaste`res                   monaster
moncade                       moncad
monceau                       monceau
moncontour                    moncontour
mondain                       mondain
mondaine                      mondain
mondaines                     mondain
mondains                      mondain
monde                         mond
monfe'rine                    monfe'rin
monfleury                     monfleury
monghir                       mongh
mongolia                      mongoli
moniteur                      moniteur
monnaie                       monnai
monologue                     monologu
monomanes                     monoman
monopole                      monopol
monosyllabes                  monosyllab
monotone                      monoton
monotones                     monoton
monseigneur                   monseigneur
monsieur                      monsieur
monsignor                     monsignor
monsignore                    monsignor
monstre                       monstr
monstres                      monstr
monstrueuses                  monstrueux
mont                          mont
monta                         mont
montagne                      montagn
montagnes                     montagn
montagneuse                   montagn
montagneux                    montagn
montagnola                    montagnol
montaient                     mont
montais                       mont
montait                       mont
montant                       mont
monta^t                       mont
monte                         mont
monte'                        mont
monte'e                       mont
montent                       montent
monter                        mont
montera                       mont
monterai                      mont
monte`rent                    mont
monte's                       mont
montesson                     montesson
montez                        mont
montgommery                   montgommery
monti                         mont
montmartre                    montmartr
montmirail                    montmirail
montmorency                   montmorency
montoir                       montoir
montons                       monton
montra                        montr
montraient                    montr
montrait                      montr
montrant                      montr
montra^t                      montr
montre                        montr
montre'                       montr
montre'e                      montr
montrent                      montrent
montrer                       montr
montrera                      montr
montrerai                     montr
montrerait                    montr
montre`rent                   montr
montreriez                    montr
montres                       montr
montre's                      montr
montreur                      montreur
montrez                       montr
monts                         mont
monture                       montur
monument                      monu
monumental                    monumental
monuments                     monu
moqua                         moqu
moquai                        moqu
moquaient                     moqu
moquais                       moqu
moquait                       moqu
moquant                       moqu
moque                         moqu
moque'                        moqu
moquent                       moquent
moquer                        moqu
moquera                       moqu
moquerais                     moqu
moquerait                     moqu
moquerie                      moquer
moqueur                       moqueur
moqueurs                      moqueur
moqueuse                      moqueux
moral                         moral
morale                        moral
morales                       moral
moralite'                     moral
moralite's                    moral
moraux                        moral
moravie                       morav
morbleu                       morbleu
morceau                       morceau
morceaux                      morceau
mord                          mord
mordait                       mord
mordant                       mord
mordantes                     mord
moreri                        morer
morfondre                     morfondr
mormon                        mormon
mormone                       mormon
mormones                      mormon
mormonisme                    mormon
mormons                       mormon
morne                         morn
mornes                        morn
morning                       morning
morom                         morom
morose                        moros
moroses                       moros
mort                          mort
mortaretti                    mortaret
morte                         mort
mortel                        mortel
mortelle                      mortel
mortellement                  mortel
mortelles                     mortel
mortels                       mortel
mortes                        mort
mortier                       morti
mortiers                      morti
mortifiantes                  mortifi
mortifie'                     mortifi
mortifier                     mortifi
morts                         mort
morveux                       morveux
mosca                         mosc
moscou                        moscou
moskova                       moskov
mosque'es                     mosqu
most                          most
mot                           mot
moteur                        moteur
motif                         motif
motifs                        motif
motiva^t                      motiv
motive'                       motiv
motrices                      motric
mots                          mot
motu                          motu
mouche                        mouch
mouchent                      mouchent
moucher                       mouch
moucheurs                     moucheur
mouchoir                      mouchoir
mouchoirs                     mouchoir
mouettes                      mouet
mouilla                       mouill
mouille'                      mouill
mouiller                      mouill
mouille`rent                  mouill
mouille's                     mouill
moule                         moul
moulin                        moulin
moulus                        moulus
mountains                     mountain
mourais                       mour
mourait                       mour
mourant                       mour
mourante                      mour
mourants                      mour
mourions                      mourion
mourir                        mour
mourons                       mouron
mourra                        mourr
mourrai                       mourr
mourrais                      mourr
mourrait                      mourr
mourras                       mourr
mourrez                       mourr
mourrons                      mourron
mourront                      mourront
mourshedabad                  mourshedabad
mourusse                      mouruss
mourut                        mourut
mouru^t                       mouru^t
mousqueterie                  mousqueter
mousseline                    mousselin
mousseux                      mousseux
moustache                     moustach
moustaches                    moustach
mouton                        mouton
moutonnaient                  mouton
moutons                       mouton
mouvement                     mouv
mouvements                    mouv
mouvoir                       mouvoir
moyen                         moyen
moyenne                       moyen
moyennes                      moyen
moyens                        moyen
moyeux                        moyeux
mozart                        mozart
mr                            mr
mrs                           mr
mu^                           mu^
much                          much
muddy                         muddy
mudge                         mudg
muet                          muet
muets                         muet
mugissements                  mug
mulet                         mulet
muletiers                     muleti
mulhouse                      mulhous
multicolores                  multicolor
multiplications               multipl
multiplicite'                 multipl
multiplie                     multipl
multiplier                    multipli
multiplie's                   multipli
muni                          mun
munich                        munich
municipal                     municipal
munir                         mun
munis                         mun
munster                       munst
mur                           mur
mu^r                          mu^r
muraille                      muraill
murailles                     muraill
mural                         mural
murat                         murat
mure'es                       mur
mu^rement                     mu^r
mu^rir                        mu^r
murmura                       murmur
murmurait                     murmur
murmure                       murmur
murmures                      murmur
murs                          mur
muscadiers                    muscadi
muscles                       muscl
musculaire                    musculair
musculature                   musculatur
muse'e                        mus
mushroom                      mushroom
musicien                      musicien
musiciens                     musicien
musique                       musiqu
musset                        musset
mutilation                    mutil
mutile'                       mutil
mutsh                         mutsh
mutuel                        mutuel
mylord                        mylord
myste`re                      myster
myste`res                     myster
myste'rieuse                  myste'ri
myste'rieusement              myste'ri
myste'rieux                   myste'ri
mysticite'                    mystiqu
mystification                 mystif
mystifie                      mystif
mystifie'                     mystifi
mystifie'e                    mystifi
mystifier                     mystifi
mystique                      mystiqu
n                             n
nadir                         nad
nagasaki                      nagasak
nage                          nag
nagent                        nagent
nager                         nag
nague`re                      naguer
nai"f                         nai"f
nai"fs                        nai"f
nains                         nain
naissance                     naissanc
naissant                      naiss
naissante                     naiss
naissent                      naissent
nai^t                         nai^t
nai^tre                       nai^tr
nai"ve                        nai"v
nai"vement                    nai"v
nai"ves                       nai"v
nai"vete'                     nai"vet
nanan                         nanan
nani                          nan
nankin                        nankin
nanking                       nanking
napier                        napi
naples                        napl
napole'on                     napole'on
napole'ons                    napole'on
napolitain                    napolitain
nappe                         napp
narcotique                    narcot
narra                         narr
narrant                       narr
narrateur                     narrateur
narration                     narrat
narrer                        narr
nasillard                     nasillard
nassik                        nassik
natal                         natal
natif                         natif
nation                        nation
national                      national
nationale                     national
nationales                    national
nationalite'                  national
nationalite's                 national
nations                       nation
nature                        natur
naturel                       naturel
naturelle                     naturel
naturellement                 naturel
naturelles                    naturel
naturels                      naturel
naufrages                     naufrag
nause'abondes                 nause'abond
nause'es                      naus
nautique                      nautiqu
nauvoo                        nauvoo
navarre                       navarr
navigateur                    navig
navigateurs                   navig
navigation                    navig
navigua                       navigu
naviguant                     navigu
naviguent                     naviguent
navire                        navir
navires                       navir
navre'                        navr
navre'e                       navr
nazaro                        nazaro
ne                            ne
ne'                           ne'
ne'anmoins                    ne'anmoin
ne'ant                        ne'
ne'bieu                       ne'bieu
nebraska                      nebrask
ne'cessaire                   ne'cessair
ne'cessairement               ne'cessair
ne'cessaires                  ne'cessair
ne'cessitant                  ne'cessit
ne'cessite'                   ne'cess
ne'e                          ne'
ne'es                         ne'
nef                           nef
nefs                          nef
ne'gatif                      ne'gat
ne'glige                      ne'glig
ne'glige'                     ne'glig
ne'gligeait                   ne'glig
ne'gligemment                 ne'gligent
ne'gligence                   ne'gligent
ne'gligents                   ne'gligent
ne'gliger                     ne'glig
ne'gligerait                  ne'glig
ne'gociant                    ne'goci
ne'gociants                   ne'goci
ne'gociateur                  ne'goci
ne'gociation                  ne'goci
ne'gociations                 ne'goci
ne`gre                        negr
ne`gres                       negr
neige                         neig
neigeait                      neig
neiges                        neig
neptune                       neptun
nerfs                         nerf
nerval                        nerval
nerveuse                      nerveux
nerveux                       nerveux
ne's                          ne'
net                           net
nets                          net
nette                         net
nettement                     net
nettes                        net
nettete'                      nettet
nettoya                       nettoi
nettoyer                      nettoi
neuf                          neuf
neufs                         neuf
neutralite'                   neutral
neutre                        neutr
neuvaine                      neuvain
neuve                         neuv
neuves                        neuv
neuvie`me                     neuviem
nevada                        nevad
never                         nev
neveu                         neveu
neveux                        neveux
new                           new
news                          new
ney                           ney
nez                           nez
ni                            ni
niais                         ni
niaiserie                     niaiser
niaiseries                    niaiser
niaises                       niais
nice                          nic
niche                         nich
nicolas                       nicol
nids                          nid
nie                           ni
nie'                          ni
nie`ce                        niec
nie`ces                       niec
nier                          ni
nierais                       ni
nierons                       ni
nigaud                        nigaud
nigauderie                    nigauder
nigauds                       nigaud
night                         night
nil                           nil
niveau                        niveau
nivele'es                     nivel
nizam                         nizam
no                            no
nobiliaires                   nobiliair
noble                         nobl
nobles                        nobl
noblesse                      nobless
noce                          noc
noces                         noc
nocturne                      nocturn
nocturnes                     nocturn
noeud                         noeud
noeuds                        noeud
noie                          noi
noir                          noir
noirci                        noirc
noircie                       noirc
noircies                      noirc
noircis                       noirc
noire                         noir
noires                        noir
noiroud                       noiroud
noirs                         noir
noix                          noix
nom                           nom
nombre                        nombr
nombreuse                     nombreux
nombreuses                    nombreux
nombreux                      nombreux
nominal                       nominal
nominale                      nominal
nomination                    nomin
nommait                       nomm
nommant                       nomm
nomme                         nomm
nomme'                        nomm
nomme'e                       nomm
nommer                        nomm
nomme's                       nomm
nommez                        nomm
noms                          nom
non                           non
nonante                       non
nonchalance                   nonchal
nonchalant                    nonchal
norbert                       norbert
nord                          nord
norimons                      norimon
normale                       normal
normandie                     normand
normands                      normand
north                         north
nos                           nos
not                           not
notable                       notabl
notablement                   notabl
notables                      notabl
notaire                       notair
notaires                      notair
note                          not
note'                         not
noter                         not
notes                         not
notez                         not
nothing                       nothing
notice                        notic
notices                       notic
notions                       notion
notoire                       notoir
notoirement                   notoir
notre                         notr
no^tre                        no^tr
no^tres                       no^tr
nouant                        nou
noue'e                        nou
nourri                        nourr
nourrice                      nourric
nourrie                       nourr
nourrir                       nourr
nourrirait                    nourr
nourris                       nourr
nourrissait                   nourr
nourrissant                   nourr
nourrisse                     nourr
nourrissent                   nourr
nourrit                       nourr
nourriture                    nourritur
nous                          nous
nouveau                       nouveau
nouveaute'                    nouveaut
nouveaute's                   nouveaut
nouveaux                      nouveau
nouvel                        nouvel
nouvelle                      nouvel
nouvellement                  nouvel
nouvelles                     nouvel
novare                        novar
novateurs                     novateur
novembre                      novembr
novi                          nov
novice                        novic
now                           now
noye'e                        noi
noyer                         noi
noyers                        noyer
noye's                        noi
nu                            nu
nuage                         nuag
nuages                        nuag
nuance                        nuanc
nuances                       nuanc
nudite'                       nudit
nue                           nu
nue'es                        nu
nues                          nu
nui                           nui
nuira                         nuir
nuiraient                     nuir
nuirait                       nuir
nuire                         nuir
nuisait                       nuis
nuisant                       nuis
nuisible                      nuisibl
nuisibles                     nuisibl
nuit                          nuit
nuits                         nuit
nul                           nul
nulle                         null
nullement                     null
nullite'                      nullit
nuls                          nul
nume'ro                       nume'ro
nume'ros                      nume'ros
nume'rote'es                  nume'rot
nunc                          nunc
nuremberg                     nuremberg
nus                           nus
o                             o
o^                            o^
oakland                       oakland
oaths                         oath
obadiah                       obadiah
obe'i                         obe'i
obe'ie                        obei
obe'ir                        obe'ir
obe'ira                       obe'ir
obe'irai                      obe'ir
obe'irais                     obe'ir
obe'irez                      obe'ir
obe'is                        obe'is
obe'issaient                  obe'iss
obe'issait                    obe'iss
obe'issance                   obe'iss
obe'issant                    obe'iss
obe'issants                   obe'iss
obe'isse                      obe'iss
obe'issez                     obe'iss
obe'it                        obe'it
objecter                      object
objection                     object
objections                    object
objet                         objet
objets                        objet
obligation                    oblig
obligations                   oblig
obligatoire                   obligatoir
oblige                        oblig
oblige'                       oblig
obligea                       oblig
obligeait                     oblig
obligeamment                  oblig
obligeances                   oblige
obligeant                     oblig
obligeante                    oblig
obligeantes                   oblig
obligeants                    oblig
obligea^t                     oblig
oblige'e                      oblig
obligent                      obligent
obliger                       oblig
obligera                      oblig
obligeraient                  oblig
obligerez                     oblig
oblige's                      oblig
obligez                       oblig
obliqua                       obliqu
obole                         obol
obscur                        obscur
obscurcit                     obscurc
obscure                       obscur
obscure'ment                  obscur
obscures                      obscur
obscurite'                    obscur
obse'da                       obsed
obse'de'                      obsed
observa                       observ
observaient                   observ
observait                     observ
observance                    observ
observant                     observ
observateur                   observ
observateurs                  observ
observation                   observ
observations                  observ
observatoire                  observatoir
observe                       observ
observe'                      observ
observer                      observ
observe`rent                  observ
observe's                     observ
obstacle                      obstacl
obstacles                     obstacl
obstina                       obstin
obstinait                     obstin
obstinant                     obstin
obstination                   obstin
obstine'                      obstin
obstine'ment                  obstin
obstiner                      obstin
obstruaient                   obstru
obtenait                      obten
obtenez                       obten
obtenir                       obten
obtenu                        obtenu
obtenue                       obtenu
obtenus                       obtenus
obtiendrai                    obtiendr
obtiendrais                   obtiendr
obtiendront                   obtiendront
obtienne                      obtien
obtiennent                    obtiennent
obtiens                       obtien
obtient                       obtient
obtinrent                     obtinrent
obtint                        obtint
occasion                      occas
occasionner                   occasion
occasionne's                  occasion
occasions                     occas
occidentales                  occidental
occulte                       occult
occultes                      occult
occupa                        occup
occupaient                    occup
occupait                      occup
occupant                      occup
occupante                     occup
occupa^t                      occup
occupation                    occup
occupations                   occup
occupe                        occup
occupe'                       occup
occupe'e                      occup
occupe'es                     occup
occupent                      occupent
occuper                       occup
occupera                      occup
occuperai                     occup
occupe`rent                   occup
occupe's                      occup
occupiez                      occup
occupons                      occupon
occurrence                    occurrent
occurrences                   occurrent
ocean                         ocean
oce'an                        oce'an
oce'ans                       oce'an
ocre                          ocre
octave                        octav
octobre                       octobr
octroi                        octroi
odalisque                     odalisqu
ode                           ode
odes                          ode
odeur                         odeur
odieuse                       odieux
odieux                        odieux
odorante                      odor
odorat                        odorat
oeil                          oeil
oeuf                          oeuf
oeufs                         oeuf
oeuvre                        oeuvr
oeuvres                       oeuvr
of                            of
offensa                       offens
offensait                     offens
offensant                     offens
offensante                    offens
offensantes                   offens
offensa^t                     offens
offense                       offens
offense'                      offens
offense'e                     offens
offenser                      offens
offenserait                   offens
offenses                      offens
offense's                     offens
offensive                     offens
offert                        offert
offerte                       offert
offerts                       offert
office                        offic
offices                       offic
officiant                     offici
officiel                      officiel
officielle                    officiel
officiellement                officiel
officielles                   officiel
officiels                     officiel
officier                      offici
officiers                     offici
offraient                     offraient
offrais                       offrais
offrait                       offrait
offrande                      offrand
offrandes                     offrand
offrant                       offrant
offre                         offre
offrent                       offrent
offres                        offre
offrir                        offrir
offrira                       offrir
offrirai                      offrir
offriraient                   offrir
offrirait                     offrir
offris                        offris
offrit                        offrit
offusque'                     offusqu
ogden                         ogden
ogive                         ogiv
ogre                          ogre
oh                            oh
ohio                          ohio
oies                          oie
oiseau                        oiseau
oiseaux                       oiseau
oisifs                        oisif
oisive                        oisiv
olivier                       olivi
olo                           olo
omaha                         omah
ombrage'e                     ombrag
ombrages                      ombrag
ombre                         ombre
ombres                        ombre
ombreuses                     ombreux
omelette                      omelet
omis                          omis
omission                      omiss
omit                          omit
omnia                         omni
omnibus                       omnibus
on                            on
onces                         once
oncle                         oncle
oncles                        oncle
onction                       onction
ondulation                    ondul
ondulations                   ondul
ont                           ont
onze                          onze
opera                         oper
ope'ra                        oper
ope'raient                    oper
ope'rait                      oper
ope'ration                    oper
ope'rations                   oper
ope`re                        oper
ope're'e                      oper
ope'rer                       oper
opiner                        opin
opinia^trement                opinia^tr
opinion                       opinion
opinions                      opin
opium                         opium
opportun                      opportun
opportune                     opportun
opportunite'                  opportun
opposaient                    oppos
opposant                      oppos
oppose                        oppos
oppose'                       oppos
oppose'e                      oppos
oppose'es                     oppos
opposent                      opposent
opposer                       oppos
opposerai                     oppos
oppose's                      oppos
opposition                    opposit
opprimait                     opprim
opprime's                     opprim
opprobre                      opprobr
opter                         opter
optime                        optim
opulence                      opulent
opulentes                     opulent
opulents                      opulent
or                            or
ora                           ora
orage                         orag
orages                        orag
orange                        orang
orange'                       orang
oranger                       orang
orangerie                     oranger
orangers                      oranger
oranges                       orang
orateur                       orateur
orateurs                      orateur
orbite                        orbit
orchestre                     orchestr
ordinaire                     ordinair
ordinairement                 ordinair
ordinaires                    ordinair
ordonna                       ordon
ordonnait                     ordon
ordonnance                    ordon
ordonnant                     ordon
ordonne                       ordon
ordonne'                      ordon
ordonne'e                     ordon
ordonner                      ordon
ordonnera                     ordon
ordonnes                      ordon
ordonne's                     ordon
ordre                         ordre
ordres                        ordre
oregon                        oregon
oreille                       oreil
oreiller                      oreil
oreillers                     oreiller
oreilles                      oreil
orfe`vre                      orfevr
orfe`vrerie                   orfe`vrer
orfe`vres                     orfevr
orfraie                       orfrai
organes                       organ
organisa                      organis
organisait                    organis
organisation                  organis
organise'                     organis
organise'e                    organis
organiser                     organis
organise`rent                 organis
orge                          orge
orgie                         orgi
orgue                         orgu
orgueil                       orgueil
orgueilleuse                  orgueil
orgueilleusement              orgueil
orgueilleux                   orgueil
orient                        orient
oriental                      oriental
orientale                     oriental
orientalistes                 oriental
orienter                      orient
original                      original
originale                     original
originalite'                  original
originaux                     original
origine                       origin
orle'ans                      orle'an
ornaient                      ornaient
ornait                        ornait
orne                          orne
orne'                         orne'
orne'e                        orne'
orne'es                       orne'
ornement                      ornement
ornementation                 ornement
ornements                     ornement
ornent                        ornent
orner                         orner
orne`rent                     orne`rent
orne's                        orne'
ornie`re                      ornier
orpheline                     orphelin
orphelins                     orphelin
orta                          orta
orteils                       orteil
orthographe                   orthograph
orties                        orti
ory                           ory
os                            os
osa                           osa
osai                          osai
osaient                       osaient
osais                         osais
osait                         osait
osant                         osant
osa^t                         osa^t
oscillaient                   oscill
oscillait                     oscill
oscuro                        oscuro
ose                           ose
ose'                          ose'
ose'es                        ose'
oseille                       oseil
osent                         osent
oser                          oser
osera                         oser
oserai                        oser
oseraient                     oser
oserais                       oser
oserait                       oser
ose`rent                      ose`rent
oserons                       oseron
osez                          osez
ostensiblement                ostensibl
o^ta                          o^ta
o^taient                      o^taient
o^tait                        o^tait
o^te                          o^te
o^te'                         o^te'
o^te'es                       o^te'
o^ter                         o^ter
o^tera                        o^ter
o^terai                       o^ter
o^terait                      o^ter
o^te`rent                     o^te`rent
o^terez                       o^ter
o^tez                         o^tez
othello                       othello
ottomane                      ottoman
ou                            ou
ou`                           ou`
ouailles                      ouaill
oubli                         oubl
oublia                        oubli
oubliai                       oubli
oubliais                      oubli
oubliait                      oubli
oubliant                      oubli
oublie                        oubl
oublie'                       oubli
oublie'e                      oubli
oublie'es                     oubli
oublient                      oublient
oublier                       oubli
oubliera                      oubli
oublierai                     oubli
oublierais                    oubli
oublierait                    oubli
oublierez                     oubli
oublies                       oubl
oubliez                       oubl
oublions                      oublion
ouest                         ouest
oui                           oui
oui"                          oui"
oui"e                         oui"
our                           our
ouragan                       ouragan
ouragans                      ouragan
ourdies                       ourd
ours                          our
outils                        outil
outrage                       outrag
outrageait                    outrag
outrageantes                  outrag
outrageants                   outrag
outrage'e                     outrag
outrager                      outrag
outrages                      outrag
outrage's                     outrag
outrageusement                outrag
outrait                       outr
outrance                      outranc
outrant                       outr
outre                         outr
outre'                        outr
outre'e                       outr
outrepasser                   outrepass
outrez                        outr
ouvert                        ouvert
ouverte                       ouvert
ouvertement                   ouvert
ouvertes                      ouvert
ouverts                       ouvert
ouverture                     ouvertur
ouvrage                       ouvrag
ouvrage'                      ouvrag
ouvrages                      ouvrag
ouvraient                     ouvr
ouvrait                       ouvr
ouvrant                       ouvr
ouvrante                      ouvr
ouvre                         ouvr
ouvrez                        ouvr
ouvrier                       ouvri
ouvrie`re                     ouvri
ouvriers                      ouvri
ouvrir                        ouvr
ouvrira                       ouvr
ouvrirait                     ouvr
ouvrirent                     ouvr
ouvrit                        ouvr
ouvri^t                       ouvr
ovale                         oval
oxyde'                        oxyd
oysterpuf                     oysterpuf
oysters                       oyster
p                             p
pablo                         pablo
pace                          pac
pacha                         pach
pacific                       pacific
pacifique                     pacif
pacifiques                    pacif
packet                        packet
padoue                        padou
paganisme                     pagan
pagato                        pagato
page                          pag
pages                         pag
pagina                        pagin
pagode                        pagod
pagodes                       pagod
paie                          pai
paiement                      pai
paiements                     pai
pai"en                        pai"en
paient                        paient
paierai                       pai
paierait                      pai
paieras                       pai
paieriez                      pai
paillasse                     paill
paillasses                    paill
paille                        paill
pain                          pain
pains                         pain
pair                          pair
paire                         pair
paires                        pair
pairie                        pair
pairs                         pair
paisible                      paisibl
paisiblement                  paisibl
paix                          paix
pal                           pal
palais                        pal
palanquin                     palanquin
palanquins                    palanquin
palanza                       palanz
palazzeto                     palazzeto
pale                          pal
pa^le                         pa^l
palefrenier                   palefreni
pa^les                        pa^l
palestine                     palestin
paletot                       paletot
pa^leur                       pa^leur
pa^li                         pa^l
palier                        pali
pa^lir                        pa^l
palissades                    palissad
pa^lissaient                  pa^l
pa^lissant                    pa^l
pa^lissantes                  pa^l
pa^lissent                    pa^l
pa^lit                        pa^l
palki                         palk
palkigharis                   palkighar
pall                          pall
palla                         pall
pallagi                       pallag
pallida                       pallid
palmiers                      palmi
palpitait                     palpit
palpitant                     palpit
palpitante                    palpit
palpitants                    palpit
palpiter                      palpit
pamphlet                      pamphlet
pamphlets                     pamphlet
pan                           pan
panache                       panach
panc,a                        panc
panier                        pani
panneaux                      panneau
panorama                      panoram
panoramique                   panoram
pansa                         pans
pansaient                     pans
pansement                     pans
panser                        pans
pansez                        pans
pantalon                      pantalon
pantalons                     pantalon
panthe`res                    panther
pantoufles                    pantoufl
paolina                       paolin
papa                          pap
pape                          pap
paperasses                    paper
paperassie`re                 paperassi
papier                        papi
papiers                       papi
papillon                      papillon
papillons                     papillon
papillotes                    papillot
papouas                       papou
papyrus                       papyrus
paquebot                      paquebot
paquebots                     paquebot
paquet                        paquet
paquete'es                    paquet
paquets                       paquet
par                           par
para                          par
parade                        parad
parader                       parad
paradis                       parad
parages                       parag
paragraphe                    paragraph
parais                        par
paraissaient                  paraiss
paraissais                    paraiss
paraissait                    paraiss
paraisse                      paraiss
paraissent                    paraissent
parait                        par
parai^t                       parai^t
parai^tra                     parai^tr
parai^trai                    parai^tr
parai^traient                 parai^tr
parai^tre                     parai^tr
parai^trons                   parai^tron
paralle`le                    parallel
paralle`lement                parallel
paralysaient                  paralys
paralyse                      paralys
paralyse'                     paralys
paralyser                     paralys
paralytique                   paralyt
parant                        par
parapet                       parapet
paraphait                     paraph
paraphe                       paraph
paraphrasa                    paraphras
parapluie                     paraplui
paratonnerre                  paratonnerr
paratonnerres                 paratonnerr
paravent                      paravent
parbleu                       parbleu
parc                          parc
parce                         parc
parchemin                     parchemin
parcouraient                  parcour
parcourait                    parcour
parcourant                    parcour
parcourent                    parcourent
parcourir                     parcour
parcourrai                    parcourr
parcours                      parcour
parcourt                      parcourt
parcouru                      parcouru
parcourue                     parcouru
parcoururent                  parcoururent
parcourus                     parcourus
parcourut                     parcourut
pardessus                     pardessus
pardi                         pard
pardieu                       pardieu
pardon                        pardon
pardonna                      pardon
pardonnable                   pardon
pardonnables                  pardon
pardonnait                    pardon
pardonne                      pardon
pardonne'                     pardon
pardonne'es                   pardon
pardonnent                    pardonnent
pardonner                     pardon
pardonnera                    pardon
pardonnerai                   pardon
pardonnerais                  pardon
pardonnerait                  pardon
pardonnerez                   pardon
pardonnes                     pardon
pardonnez                     pardon
pardonniez                    pardon
pardons                       pardon
pare                          par
pare'                         par
pare'e                        par
pareil                        pareil
pareille                      pareil
pareilles                     pareil
pareils                       pareil
parent                        parent
parente                       parent
parentes                      parent
parenthe`se                   parenthes
parents                       parent
parer                         par
paresse                       paress
paresseuse                    paress
paresseux                     paress
parfait                       parf
parfaite                      parfait
parfaitement                  parfait
parfaites                     parfait
parfaits                      parfait
parfois                       parfois
parfum                        parfum
parfume'e                     parfum
parfums                       parfum
pari                          par
paria                         pari
parie                         par
parie'                        pari
parient                       parient
parier                        pari
parierais                     pari
parie`rent                    pari
parie'taires                  parie'tair
parieurs                      parieur
paris                         par
parisien                      parisien
parisienne                    parisien
parisiennes                   parisien
parisiens                     parisien
parla                         parl
parlaient                     parl
parlais                       parl
parlait                       parl
parlant                       parl
parlantes                     parl
parlants                      parl
parlassent                    parl
parla^t                       parl
parle                         parl
parle'                        parl
parlement                     parl
parlent                       parlent
parler                        parl
parlera                       parl
parlerai                      parl
parlerais                     parl
parlerait                     parl
parle`rent                    parl
parlerez                      parl
parlerons                     parl
parleront                     parl
parles                        parl
parleur                       parleur
parleurs                      parleur
parlez                        parl
parliez                       parl
parlions                      parlion
parloir                       parloir
parlons                       parlon
parma                         parm
parme                         parm
parmesan                      parmesan
parmesans                     parmesan
parmi                         parm
parois                        parois
paroisse                      paroiss
paroisses                     paroiss
paroissiale                   paroissial
paroissiens                   paroissien
parole                        parol
paroles                       parol
paroxysme                     paroxysm
parquet                       parquet
parquete'e                    parquet
parrain                       parrain
pars                          par
parseme'e                     parsem
parsi                         pars
parsie                        pars
parsis                        pars
part                          part
partage                       partag
partage'                      partag
partagea                      partag
partageait                    partag
partage'e                     partag
partager                      partag
partagerai                    partag
partagerais                   partag
partaient                     part
partait                       part
partana                       partan
partance                      partanc
partant                       part
parte                         part
partenaire                    partenair
partenaires                   partenair
partent                       partent
parterre                      parterr
parterres                     parterr
partes                        part
partez                        part
parti                         part
particularite'                particular
particularite's               particular
particulier                   particuli
particulie`re                 particuli
particulie`rement             particulier
particuliers                  particuli
partie                        part
parties                       part
partiez                       part
partir                        part
partira                       part
partirai                      part
partirais                     part
partirait                     part
partirent                     part
partirez                      part
partirons                     part
partis                        part
partisan                      partisan
partisans                     partisan
partit                        part
parti^t                       part
partner                       partn
partons                       parton
partout                       partout
parts                         part
paru                          paru
parurent                      parurent
parut                         parut
paru^t                        paru^t
parvenaient                   parven
parvenait                     parven
parvenir                      parven
parvenons                     parvenon
parvenu                       parvenu
parvenue                      parvenu
parviendrai                   parviendr
parviendraient                parviendr
parviendrait                  parviendr
parviendras                   parviendr
parviendrons                  parviendron
parviendront                  parviendront
parviens                      parvien
parvient                      parvient
parvinrent                    parvinrent
parvint                       parvint
pas                           pas
pas^a                         pas^
pascal                        pascal
pass                          pass
passa                         pass
passable                      passabl
passablement                  passabl
passables                     passabl
passage                       passag
passager                      passag
passage`re                    passager
passage`res                   passager
passagers                     passager
passages                      passag
passaient                     pass
passais                       pass
passait                       pass
passant                       pass
passants                      pass
passar                        passar
passe                         pass
passe'                        pass
passe'e                       pass
passe'es                      pass
passementier                  passementi
passent                       passent
passepartout                  passepartout
passeport                     passeport
passeports                    passeport
passer                        pass
passera                       pass
passerai                      pass
passerais                     pass
passerait                     pass
passerelle                    passerel
passerelles                   passerel
passe`rent                    pass
passerons                     pass
passeront                     pass
passes                        pass
passe's                       pass
passez                        pass
passif                        passif
passion                       passion
passionnait                   passion
passionnant                   passion
passionne                     passion
passionne'                    passion
passionne'e                   passion
passionne'es                  passion
passionne'ment                passion
passionner                    passion
passionne's                   passion
passions                      passion
passive                       passiv
passons                       passon
pastoral                      pastoral
pastorale                     pastoral
pataugeant                    pataug
pa^te'                        pa^t
patelin                       patelin
patente                       patent
pater                         pat
paterne                       patern
paternel                      paternel
paternelle                    paternel
pathe'tique                   pathet
pathe'tiques                  pathet
pathos                        pathos
patiemment                    patient
patience                      patienc
patinant                      patin
patna                         patn
patois                        patois
patrician                     patrician
patricien                     patricien
patricienne                   patricien
patriciens                    patricien
patrie                        patr
patriotes                     patriot
patriotisme                   patriot
patron                        patron
patronage                     patronag
patronne                      patron
patronnes                     patron
patrouille                    patrouill
patte                         patt
pa^ture                       pa^tur
pauca                         pauc
paul                          paul
paupie`re                     paupi
paupie`res                    paupi
pauvre                        pauvr
pauvrement                    pauvr
pauvres                       pauvr
pauvrete'                     pauvret
pauwell                       pauwel
pave'                         pav
pave'e                        pav
pavie                         pav
pavillon                      pavillon
pavillons                     pavillon
pavois                        pavois
pawnies                       pawn
paya                          pai
payables                      payabl
payait                        pai
payant                        pai
paye                          pay
paye'                         pai
paye'e                        pai
payent                        payent
payer                         pai
payera                        pai
paye's                        pai
payiez                        pai
payons                        payon
pays                          pay
paysage                       paysag
paysages                      paysag
paysan                        paysan
paysanne                      paysann
paysans                       paysan
peak                          peak
peau                          peau
peccadille                    peccadill
peccavi                       peccav
pe'chais                      pech
pe^che                        pe^ch
pe'che'                       pech
pe'cher                       pech
pe'che's                      pech
pe'cheur                      pe'cheur
pe^cheurs                     pe^cheur
pectorale                     pectoral
pe'cule                       pe'cul
pe'cuniaire                   pe'cuniair
pe'dant                       ped
pe'danterie                   pe'danter
pe'dantesque                  pe'dantesqu
pedroti                       pedrot
peignaient                    peign
peignait                      peign
peignant                      peign
peigne'                       peign
peignez                       peign
peignit                       peign
peindra                       peindr
peindre                       peindr
peine                         pein
peine'                        pein
peines                        pein
peine's                       pein
peint                         peint
peinte                        peint
peintes                       peint
peintre                       peintr
peintres                      peintr
peints                        peint
peinture                      peintur
peintures                     peintur
pe'kin                        pe'kin
pe^le                         pe^l
pelegrino                     pelegrino
pe`lerinage                   pe`lerinag
pe`lerinages                  pe`lerinag
pe`lerine                     pe`lerin
pe`lerins                     pe`lerin
pe'licans                     pe'lican
pelisse                       pel
pelisses                      pel
pellete'es                    pellet
pellico                       pellico
peloton                       peloton
pe'nal                        pe'nal
penaud                        penaud
penauds                       penaud
pence                         penc
pencha                        pench
penchaient                    pench
penchant                      pench
penche'                       pench
pencher                       pench
pend                          pend
pendable                      pendabl
pendables                     pendabl
pendaient                     pend
pendait                       pend
pendant                       pend
pendante                      pend
pendantes                     pend
pendre                        pendr
pendu                         pendu
pendue                        pendu
pendule                       pendul
pendules                      pendul
pendus                        pendus
pe'ne'tra                     pe'netr
pe'ne'trait                   pe'netr
pe'ne'trant                   pe'netr
pe'ne'tration                 pe'netr
pe'ne`tre                     pe'netr
pe'ne'tre'                    pe'netr
pe'ne'tre'e                   pe'netr
pe'ne'trer                    pe'netr
pe'ne'trera                   pe'netr
pe'ne'tre`rent                pe'netr
pe'nible                      pe'nibl
pe'niblement                  pe'nibl
pe'nibles                     pe'nibl
pe'ninsulaire                 pe'ninsulair
peninsular                    peninsular
pe'ninsule                    pe'ninsul
pe'nitence                    pe'nitent
pennsylvanie                  pennsylvan
penny                         penny
pensa                         pens
pensai                        pens
pensaient                     pens
pensais                       pens
pensait                       pens
pensant                       pens
pensante                      pens
pensants                      pens
pensa^t                       pens
pense                         pens
pense'                        pens
pense'e                       pens
pense'es                      pens
pensent                       pensent
penser                        pens
pensera                       pens
penserais                     pens
penserait                     pens
pense`rent                    pens
penseur                       penseur
pensez                        pens
pensif                        pensif
pension                       pension
pensionnaire                  pensionnair
pensive                       pensiv
pensons                       penson
pentagone                     pentagon
pentateuque                   pentateuqu
pente                         pent
pentes                        pent
pe'nurie                      pe'nur
pe'pe'                        pep
pe'pites                      pe'pit
pequigny                      pequigny
per                           per
perc,aient                    perc
perc,ait                      perc
perc,ant                      perc
perc,ante                     perc
perce                         perc
perce'                        perc
percepteur                    percepteur
percer                        perc
perce`rent                    perc
perche                        perch
perche'                       perch
percussion                    percuss
perd                          perd
perdaient                     perd
perdais                       perd
perdait                       perd
perdant                       perd
perde                         perd
perdent                       perdent
perdez                        perd
perdirent                     perd
perdit                        perd
perdition                     perdit
perdons                       perdon
perdra                        perdr
perdrai                       perdr
perdrais                      perdr
perdrait                      perdr
perdras                       perdr
perdre                        perdr
perdreau                      perdreau
perdriez                      perdr
perdrix                       perdrix
perds                         perd
perdu                         perdu
perdue                        perdu
perdus                        perdus
pe`re                         per
pereire                       pereir
pe`res                        per
perfection                    perfect
perfectionner                 perfection
pergole`se                    pergoles
pe'ri                         per
pe'ril                        pe'ril
pe'rilleux                    pe'rill
pe'rils                       pe'ril
pe'rime`tre                   pe'rimetr
pe'riode                      pe'riod
pe'riodique                   pe'riod
pe'rir                        per
pe'riraient                   per
pe'ris                        per
pe'risse                      per
pe'rissent                    per
pe'rissez                     per
pe'ristyle                    pe'ristyl
pe'ristyles                   pe'ristyl
pe'rit                        per
perles                        perl
permanence                    permanent
permanente                    permanent
permet                        permet
permets                       permet
permettaient                  permet
permettait                    permet
permettant                    permet
permette                      permet
permettent                    permettent
permettez                     permet
permettra                     permettr
permettrai                    permettr
permettrait                   permettr
permettre                     permettr
permettrez                    permettr
permettront                   permettront
permirent                     perm
permis                        perm
permise                       permis
permission                    permiss
permit                        perm
permi^t                       perm
pernice                       pernic
pe'rorait                     pe'ror
pe'rore'                      pe'ror
pe'rou                        pe'rou
pe'rouse                      pe'rous
perpendiculairement           perpendiculair
perpe'tuelle                  perpe'tuel
perpe'tuels                   perpe'tuel
perplexite's                  perplex
perque'                       perqu
perquisition                  perquisit
perron                        perron
perruque                      perruqu
perruques                     perruqu
persans                       persan
perse'cutait                  perse'cut
perse'cute                    perse'cut
perse'cute'                   perse'cut
perse'cuterait                perse'cut
perse'cute's                  perse'cut
perse'cutions                 perse'cu
perses                        pers
persienne                     persien
persiennes                    persien
persiflage                    persiflag
persifle`rent                 persifl
persista                      persist
persistance                   persist
personnage                    personnag
personnages                   personnag
personnalite'                 personnal
personne                      person
personnel                     personnel
personnelle                   personnel
personnellement               personnel
personnelles                  personnel
personnels                    personnel
personnes                     person
personnification              personnif
personnifie'e                 personnifi
perspective                   perspect
perspectives                  perspect
perspicacite'                 perspicac
persuade'                     persuad
persuade'e                    persuad
persuader                     persuad
persuasion                    persuas
perte                         pert
pertes                        pert
pertuis                       pertuis
perturbations                 perturb
pe'ruvien                     pe'ruvien
pervers                       perver
perversite'                   pervers
pervertisse                   pervert
pesait                        pes
pesant                        pes
pesante                       pes
pesanteur                     pesanteur
pesants                       pes
pe`se                         pes
pese'                         pes
peser                         pes
pese's                        pes
pesez                         pes
pessimisme                    pessim
peste                         pest
pester                        pest
pe'taudie`re                  pe'taudi
pe'tillante                   pe'till
petit                         pet
petite                        petit
petites                       petit
petitesse                     petitess
petitesses                    petitess
pe'tition                     pe'tit
pe'titions                    pe'tit
petits                        petit
pe'trarque                    pe'trarqu
pe'trifie'                    pe'trifi
pe'trifie'e                   pe'trifi
pe'trole                      pe'trol
pe'trone                      pe'tron
petto                         petto
pe'tulance                    pe'tul
peu                           peu
peuple                        peupl
peuple'                       peupl
peuple'e                      peupl
peuplent                      peuplent
peuples                       peupl
peuple's                      peupl
peuplier                      peupli
peur                          peur
peureux                       peureux
peurs                         peur
peut                          peut
peuvent                       peuvent
peux                          peux
pharsale                      pharsal
pherson                       pherson
phileas                       phil
philippe                      philipp
philosophant                  philosoph
philosophe                    philosoph
philosophes                   philosoph
philosophie                   philosoph
philosophique                 philosoph
philosophiquement             philosoph
philosophiques                philosoph
phosphorescentes              phosphorescent
photographie                  photograph
phrase                        phras
phrases                       phras
physiognomoniques             physiognomon
physionomie                   physionom
physionomies                  physionom
physionomistes                physionom
physique                      physiqu
physiquement                  physiqu
physiques                     physiqu
piacere                       piacer
pianiste                      pianist
piano                         piano
pianos                        pianos
pic                           pic
pichegru                      pichegru
pics                          pic
pie                           pi
pie`ce                        piec
pie`ces                       piec
pie'cettes                    pie'cet
pied                          pied
pieds                         pied
pie`ge                        pieg
pieges                        pieg
pie`ges                       pieg
pie'mont                      pie'mont
pie'montais                   pie'mont
pie'montaise                  pie'montais
pier                          pi
pierre                        pierr
pierres                       pierr
pie'te'                       piet
pie'ton                       pie'ton
pie'tons                      pie'ton
pietragrua                    pietragru
pietranera                    pietran
pie`tre                       pietr
pieuse                        pieus
pieusement                    pieus
pieuses                       pieus
pieux                         pieux
pigeon                        pigeon
pigeons                       pigeon
pilastre                      pilastr
pile                          pil
pile'                         pil
piler                         pil
pilier                        pili
piliers                       pili
pillage                       pillag
pillages                      pillag
pillaient                     pill
pillaji                       pillaj
pille                         pill
pille'                        pill
pille'e                       pill
pillent                       pillent
pille's                       pill
pilori                        pilor
pilote                        pilot
pilotes                       pilot
pimentel                      pimentel
pinceau                       pinceau
pince'e                       pinc
pincette                      pincet
pintes                        pint
piochant                      pioch
pioneer                       pione
pipe                          pip
pipes                         pip
piqua                         piqu
piquait                       piqu
piquant                       piqu
piquante                      piqu
piquantes                     piqu
pique                         piqu
pique'                        piqu
pique'e                       piqu
piquer                        piqu
piquerait                     piqu
pique's                       piqu
piquez                        piqu
pirard                        pirard
pirate                        pirat
pire                          pir
pis                           pis
piste                         pist
pistolet                      pistolet
pistolets                     pistolet
piston                        piston
pistons                       piston
pitance                       pitanc
piteuse                       piteux
piteusement                   piteux
piteux                        piteux
pitie'                        piti
pitoyable                     pitoi
pitt                          pitt
pittoresque                   pittoresqu
pittoresques                  pittoresqu
pittsburg                     pittsburg
piu`                          piu`
plac,a                        plac
plac,ait                      plac
plac,ant                      plac
placard                       placard
place                         plac
place'                        plac
place'e                       plac
place'es                      plac
placer                        plac
placera                       plac
placerai                      plac
placerait                     plac
place`rent                    plac
placerez                      plac
placers                       placer
places                        plac
place's                       plac
placez                        plac
placidite'                    placid
plafond                       plafond
plafonds                      plafond
plaida                        plaid
plaidait                      plaid
plaider                       plaid
plaidoirie                    plaidoir
plaie                         plai
plaignait                     plaign
plaignant                     plaign
plaignants                    plaign
plaignez                      plaign
plaignirent                   plaign
plaignit                      plaign
plain                         plain
plaindrai                     plaindr
plaindrais                    plaindr
plaindre                      plaindr
plaine                        plain
plaines                       plain
plains                        plain
plaint                        plaint
plainte                       plaint
plaintes                      plaint
plaintive                     plaintiv
plaints                       plaint
plaira                        plair
plairait                      plair
plaire                        plair
plais                         plais
plaisaient                    plais
plaisait                      plais
plaisamment                   plais
plaisance                     plaisanc
plaisant                      plais
plaisanta                     plaisant
plaisantaient                 plaisant
plaisantait                   plaisant
plaisantant                   plaisant
plaisanta^t                   plaisant
plaisante                     plais
plaisante'                    plaisant
plaisantent                   plaisantent
plaisanter                    plaisant
plaisanterie                  plaisanter
plaisanteries                 plaisanter
plaisantes                    plais
plaisants                     plais
plaise                        plais
plaisent                      plaisent
plaisir                       plais
plaisirs                      plaisir
plai^t                        plai^t
plan                          plan
planait                       plan
planche                       planch
plancher                      planch
planches                      planch
planchette                    planchet
planisphe`re                  planispher
plans                         plan
plant                         plant
planta                        plant
plantation                    plantat
plantations                   plantat
plante                        plant
plante'                       plant
planter                       plant
planterez                     plant
planterons                    plant
plantes                       plant
plante's                      plant
plantiez                      plant
plaque                        plaqu
plaques                       plaqu
plastron                      plastron
plat                          plat
platanes                      platan
plate                         plat
plateau                       plateau
platement                     plat
plates                        plat
platitude                     platitud
platitudes                    platitud
platonique                    platon
pla^tre                       pla^tr
plats                         plat
platte                        platt
plausible                     plausibl
please                        pleas
ple'be'ien                    ple'be'ien
ple'be'iennes                 ple'be'ien
ple'be'iens                   ple'be'ien
plein                         plein
pleine                        plein
pleinement                    plein
pleines                       plein
pleins                        plein
pleura                        pleur
pleurait                      pleur
pleurant                      pleur
pleure                        pleur
pleure'                       pleur
pleurer                       pleur
pleurera                      pleur
pleurerait                    pleur
pleure`rent                   pleur
pleureur                      pleureur
pleurez                       pleur
pleurs                        pleur
pleutre                       pleutr
pleuvaient                    pleuv
pleuvait                      pleuv
pleuvent                      pleuvent
pli                           pli
plia                          pli
pliaient                      pli
plie'                         pli
plie'e                        pli
plier                         pli
pliniana                      plinian
plis                          plis
plissa                        pliss
plomb                         plomb
plombe'es                     plomb
plonge                        plong
plonge'                       plong
plongea                       plong
plongeaient                   plong
plongeait                     plong
plongeant                     plong
plonge'e                      plong
plonger                       plong
plongerais                    plong
plonge's                      plong
plours                        plour
plu                           plu
pluie                         plui
pluies                        plui
plum                          plum
plume                         plum
plumes                        plum
plupart                       plupart
plus                          plus
plusieurs                     plusieur
plut                          plut
plu^t                         plu^t
pluto^t                       pluto^t
po^                           po^
poche                         poch
poches                        poch
poco                          poco
podestat                      podestat
podestats                     podestat
poe^le                        poe^l
poe`me                        poem
poemi                         poem
poe'sie                       poes
poe'sies                      poes
poe`te                        poet
poe`tes                       poet
poe'tique                     poe'tiqu
poids                         poid
poignante                     poign
poignantes                    poign
poignard                      poignard
poignarda                     poignard
poignarde'                    poignard
poignarde'e                   poignard
poignarder                    poignard
poignards                     poignard
poigne                        poign
poigne'e                      poign
poigne'es                     poign
poils                         poil
poindre                       poindr
poing                         poing
poings                        poing
point                         point
pointe                        point
pointes                       point
points                        point
pointus                       pointus
poireaux                      poireau
poison                        poison
poisons                       poison
poisson                       poisson
poissonnerie                  poissonner
poissons                      poisson
poissy                        poissy
poitrail                      poitrail
poitrine                      poitrin
poivriers                     poivri
pole                          pol
poli                          pol
police                        polic
policeman                     policeman
policemen                     policemen
polices                       polic
polichinelle                  polichinel
polidori                      polidor
polie                         pol
polies                        pol
poliment                      pol
polis                         pol
polish                        polish
polisson                      polisson
politesse                     politess
politesses                    politess
politique                     polit
politiques                    polit
polonais                      polon
polyeucte                     polyeuct
polygames                     polygam
polygamie                     polygam
polygones                     polygon
pommades                      pommad
pomme                         pomm
pommeau                       pommeau
pommele'                      pommel
pommes                        pomm
pommettes                     pommet
pommiers                      pommi
pompe                         pomp
pompes                        pomp
pompiers                      pompi
pompon                        pompon
ponceaux                      ponceau
poncet                        poncet
ponctualite'                  ponctual
ponctuel                      ponctuel
ponctuelle                    ponctuel
ponctuellement                ponctuel
ponde're'                     ponder
poney                         poney
poneys                        poney
pont                          pont
pontarlier                    pontarli
ponte                         pont
ponton                        ponton
ponts                         pont
populace                      populac
populaire                     populair
population                    popul
populations                   popul
porcelaine                    porcelain
porco                         porco
porcs                         porc
porphyre                      porphyr
port                          port
porta                         port
portaient                     port
portait                       port
portant                       port
porta^t                       port
portative                     portat
porte                         port
porte'                        port
porte'e                       port
porte'es                      port
portefaix                     portefaix
portefeuille                  portefeuill
portefeuilles                 portefeuill
portemanteau                  portemanteau
portent                       portent
porter                        port
portera                       port
porteras                      port
porte`rent                    port
porterez                      port
porteront                     port
portes                        port
porte's                       port
porteur                       porteur
porteurs                      porteur
portez                        port
portier                       porti
portie`re                     porti
portie`res                    porti
portiers                      porti
portion                       portion
portique                      portiqu
porto                         porto
portons                       porton
portrait                      portr
portraits                     portrait
ports                         port
portugais                     portug
portugaise                    portugais
posa                          pos
posant                        pos
pose'                         pos
pose'e                        pos
pose'ment                     pos
poser                         pos
pose's                        pos
positif                       posit
position                      posit
positions                     posit
positive                      posit
positivement                  posit
posse'dait                    possed
posse'dant                    possed
posse`de                      possed
posse'de'                     possed
posse'der                     possed
posse'de's                    possed
possesseur                    possesseur
possession                    possess
possessions                   possess
possibilite'                  possibil
possibilite's                 possibil
possible                      possibl
possibles                     possibl
poste                         post
poste'                        post
poste'rite'                   poster
postes                        post
posthume                      posthum
postillon                     postillon
potage                        potag
potager                       potag
potage`res                    potager
potentats                     potentat
pouce                         pouc
pouces                        pouc
poudrait                      poudr
poudre                        poudr
poudre'es                     poudr
poudre's                      poudr
pouffer                       pouff
poule                         poul
poulet                        poulet
poulets                       poulet
poulies                       poul
poumons                       poumon
pounah                        pounah
poupe'e                       poup
poupe'es                      poup
pour                          pour
pourceaux                     pourceau
pourparlers                   pourparler
pourpense'es                  pourpens
pourpoint                     pourpoint
pourpres                      pourpr
pourquoi                      pourquoi
pourra                        pourr
pourrai                       pourr
pourraient                    pourr
pourrais                      pourr
pourrait                      pourr
pourras                       pourr
pourrez                       pourr
pourriez                      pourr
pourrions                     pourrion
pourriture                    pourritur
pourrons                      pourron
pourront                      pourront
poursuit                      poursuit
poursuite                     poursuit
poursuites                    poursuit
poursuivaient                 poursuiv
poursuivait                   poursuiv
poursuivant                   poursuiv
poursuivez                    poursuiv
poursuivi                     poursuiv
poursuivie                    poursuiv
poursuivis                    poursuiv
poursuivit                    poursuiv
poursuivrai                   poursuivr
poursuivraient                poursuivr
poursuivrait                  poursuivr
poursuivre                    poursuivr
poursuivront                  poursuivront
pourtant                      pourt
pourvoir                      pourvoir
pourvu                        pourvu
poussa                        pouss
poussaient                    pouss
poussait                      pouss
poussant                      pouss
pousse                        pouss
pousse'                       pouss
pousse'e                      pouss
poussent                      poussent
pousser                       pouss
poussera                      pouss
pousse's                      pouss
poussez                       pouss
poussie`re                    poussi
poutre                        poutr
poutres                       poutr
pouvaient                     pouv
pouvais                       pouv
pouvait                       pouv
pouvant                       pouv
pouvez                        pouv
pouviez                       pouv
pouvions                      pouvion
pouvoir                       pouvoir
pouvons                       pouvon
pozzo                         pozzo
pradt                         pradt
prairie                       prair
prairies                      prair
praticable                    pratic
pratiquais                    pratiqu
pratique                      pratiqu
pratique'                     pratiqu
pratique'e                    pratiqu
pratique'es                   pratiqu
pratiquer                     pratiqu
pratiques                     pratiqu
pre'                          pre'
pre'alable                    pre'alabl
pre'alablement                pre'alabl
pre'ambule                    pre'ambul
pre'caution                   pre'caut
pre'cautions                  pre'caut
pre'ce'da                     pre'ced
pre'ce'dait                   pre'ced
pre'ce'de'                    pre'ced
pre'ce'de'e                   pre'ced
pre'ce'dent                   pre'ce'dent
pre'ce'dente                  pre'ce'dent
pre'ce'dents                  pre'ce'dent
pre'ce'de`rent                pre'ced
pre'ce'de's                   pre'ced
pre'cepte                     pre'cept
pre'ceptes                    pre'cept
pre'cepteur                   pre'cepteur
pre'cepteurs                  pre'cepteur
pre^cha                       pre^ch
pre^chaient                   pre^ch
pre^chait                     pre^ch
pre^chant                     pre^ch
pre^che'                      pre^ch
pre^cher                      pre^ch
pre^chera                     pre^ch
pre^cherai                    pre^ch
pre^cherait                   pre^ch
pre^ches                      pre^ch
pre'cieuse                    pre'cieux
pre'cieusement                pre'cieux
pre'cieuses                   pre'cieux
pre'cieux                     pre'cieux
pre'cipices                   pre'cipic
pre'cipita                    pre'cipit
pre'cipitaient                pre'cipit
pre'cipitait                  pre'cipit
pre'cipitamment               pre'cipit
pre'cipitant                  pre'cipit
pre'cipitation                pre'cipit
pre'cipite                    pre'cipit
pre'cipite'                   pre'cip
pre'cipitent                  pre'cipitent
pre'cipiter                   pre'cipit
pre'cipite`rent               pre'cipit
pre'cipite's                  pre'cip
pre'cis                       prec
pre'cise                      pre'cis
pre'cise'ment                 pre'cis
pre'cises                     pre'cis
pre'cision                    pre'cis
pre'coces                     pre'coc
pre'curseur                   pre'curseur
pre'curseurs                  pre'curseur
pre'de'cesseur                pre'de'cesseur
pre'destine'                  pre'destin
pre'destine'e                 pre'destin
pre'dicateur                  pre'diqu
pre'dication                  pre'diqu
pre'dications                 pre'diqu
pre'diction                   pre'dict
pre'dictions                  pre'dict
pre'dire                      pre'dir
pre'dispose                   pre'dispos
pre'dit                       pred
pre'face                      pre'fac
pre'fecture                   pre'fectur
pre'fe'ra                     pre'fer
pre'fe'rable                  pre'fer
pre'fe'rables                 pre'fer
pre'fe'rait                   pre'fer
pre'fe`re                     pre'fer
pre'fe're'                    pre'fer
pre'fe'rence                  pre'fe'rent
pre'fe'rences                 pre'fe'rent
pre'fe'rer                    pre'fer
pre'fe'rerez                  pre'fer
pre'fe'rez                    pre'fer
pre'fe'riez                   pre'fer
pre'fet                       pre'fet
pre'fe`te                     pre'fet
pre'fets                      pre'fet
pre'judice                    pre'judic
pre'judiciable                pre'judici
pre'judicierait               pre'judici
pre'juge'                     pre'jug
pre'juge's                    pre'jug
pre'lat                       pre'lat
pre'lature                    pre'latur
pre'leve's                    pre'lev
pre'liminaires                pre'liminair
pre'lude'                     pre'lud
pre'mature'ment               pre'matur
pre'me'ditation               pre'me'dit
pre'me'dite'                  pre'med
premier                       premi
premie`re                     premi
premie`rement                 premier
premie`res                    premi
premiers                      premi
prenaient                     pren
prenais                       pren
prenait                       pren
prenant                       pren
prend                         prend
prendra                       prendr
prendrai                      prendr
prendrais                     prendr
prendrait                     prendr
prendras                      prendr
prendre                       prendr
prendrez                      prendr
prendront                     prendront
prends                        prend
prenez                        pren
prenne                        pren
prennent                      prennent
prenons                       prenon
pre'occupa                    pre'occup
pre'occupait                  pre'occup
pre'occupation                pre'occup
pre'occupations               pre'occup
pre'occupe'                   pre'occup
pre'occupe'e                  pre'occup
pre'occuper                   pre'occup
pre'para                      pre'par
pre'paraient                  pre'par
pre'parais                    pre'par
pre'parait                    pre'par
pre'parant                    pre'par
pre'para^t                    pre'par
pre'paratifs                  pre'par
pre'paration                  pre'par
pre'paratoire                 pre'paratoir
pre'paratoires                pre'paratoir
pre'pare                      pre'par
pre'pare'                     pre'par
pre'parer                     pre'par
pre'parera                    pre'par
pre'pare`rent                 pre'par
pre'pare's                    pre'par
pre'parez                     pre'par
pre'pose'                     pre'pos
prepotenze                    prepotenz
pre'rogative                  pre'rog
pre`s                         pres
pre'sage                      pre'sag
pre'sageait                   pre'sag
pre'sages                     pre'sag
presbyte`re                   presbyter
prescrira                     prescr
prescrire                     prescrir
prescrit                      prescr
prescrite                     prescrit
prescrivaient                 prescriv
prescrivait                   prescriv
pre'se'ance                   pre'se'anc
pre'se'ances                  pre'se'anc
pre'sence                     pre'senc
pre'sent                      pre'sent
pre'senta                     pre'sent
pre'sentable                  pre'sent
pre'sentaient                 pre'sent
pre'sentait                   pre'sent
pre'sentant                   pre'sent
pre'sentation                 pre'sent
pre'sentations                pre'sent
pre'sente                     pre'sent
pre'sente'                    pre'sent
pre'sente'e                   pre'sent
pre'sente'es                  pre'sent
pre'sentement                 pre'sent
pre'sentent                   pre'sentent
pre'senter                    pre'sent
pre'sentera                   pre'sent
pre'senterait                 pre'sent
pre'sente`rent                pre'sent
pre'senterez                  pre'sent
pre'sentes                    pre'sent
pre'sente's                   pre'sent
pre'sentez                    pre'sent
pre'sents                     pre'sent
pre'servant                   pre'serv
pre'serve                     pre'serv
pre'serve'                    pre'serv
pre'serve'e                   pre'serv
pre'server                    pre'serv
pre'sidait                    pre'sid
pre'sidence                   pre'sident
pre'sident                    pre'sident
pre'sidente                   pre'sident
pre'sidents                   pre'sident
pre'sider                     pre'sid
pre'somption                  pre'sompt
pre'somptions                 pre'sompt
presqu                        presqu
presque                       presqu
pressa                        press
pressaient                    press
pressais                      press
pressait                      press
pressant                      press
pressante                     press
presse                        press
presse'                       press
presse'e                      press
pressent                      pressent
pressentiment                 pressent
pressentiments                pressent
pressentir                    pressent
presser                       press
presse's                      press
pression                      pression
pressoir                      pressoir
pressure                      pressur
prestige                      prestig
prestigieuse                  prestigi
prestigieux                   prestigi
pre'sume                      pre'sum
pre'sume'                     pre'sum
pre^t                         pre^t
pre^ta                        pre^t
pre^tait                      pre^t
pre^tant                      pre^t
pre^te                        pre^t
pre^te'                       pre^t
pre^te'e                      pre^t
pre'tend                      pre'tend
pre'tendaient                 pre'tend
pre'tendait                   pre'tend
pre'tendant                   pre'tend
pre'tendent                   pre'tendent
pre'tendez                    pre'tend
pre'tendit                    pre'tend
pre'tendons                   pre'tendon
pre'tendrait                  pre'tendr
pre'tendre                    pre'tendr
pre'tends                     pre'tend
pre'tendu                     pre'tendu
pre'tendue                    pre'tendu
pre'tendues                   pre'tendu
pre'tendus                    pre'tendus
pre'tention                   pre'tent
pre'tentions                  pre'tent
pre^ter                       pre^t
pre^tes                       pre^t
pre^te's                      pre^t
pre'texta                     pre'text
pre'textant                   pre'text
pre'texte                     pre'text
pre'textes                    pre'text
pre^tez                       pre^t
pre'toire                     pre'toir
pre^tre                       pre^tr
pre^tres                      pre^tr
pre^ts                        pre^t
preuve                        preuv
preuves                       preuv
preux                         preux
pre'valant                    pre'val
pre'valoir                    pre'valoir
pre'venait                    pre'ven
pre'venances                  pre'ven
pre'venez                     pre'ven
pre'venir                     pre'ven
pre'ventions                  pre'vent
pre'venu                      pre'venu
pre'venus                     pre'venus
pre'vienne                    pre'vien
pre'viens                     pre'vien
pre'vision                    pre'vis
pre'visions                   pre'vis
pre'voir                      pre'voir
pre'vois                      pre'vois
pre'voit                      pre'voit
pre'vost                      pre'vost
pre'voyait                    pre'voi
pre'voyant                    pre'voi
pre'vu                        pre'vu
pre'vue                       pre'vu
pria                          pri
priais                        pri
priait                        pri
priant                        pri
prie                          pri
prie'                         pri
prier                         pri
prierai                       pri
prie`re                       prier
prie`rent                     pri
prie`res                      prier
prieur                        prieur
priez                         pri
prime                         prim
prime'                        prim
primer                        prim
primes                        prim
primitif                      primit
primitives                    primit
primo                         primo
prina                         prin
prince                        princ
princes                       princ
princesse                     princess
princesses                    princess
principal                     principal
principale                    principal
principalement                principal
principales                   principal
principaux                    principal
principe                      princip
principes                     princip
printemps                     printemp
prirent                       prirent
pris                          pris
prise                         pris
prises                        pris
prison                        prison
prisonnier                    prisonni
prisonnie`re                  prisonni
prisonniers                   prisonni
prisons                       prison
prit                          prit
pri^t                         pri^t
priva                         priv
privation                     privat
prive                         priv
prive'                        priv
prive'e                       priv
prive'es                      priv
priverai                      priv
prive's                       priv
privile`ge                    privileg
privile`ges                   privileg
privile'gie'                  privile'gi
privile'gie'e                 privile'gi
prix                          prix
pro                           pro
probabilite'                  probabl
probabilite's                 probabl
probable                      probabl
probablement                  probabl
probantes                     prob
probe                         prob
probes                        prob
probite'                      probit
proble`me                     problem
proble`mes                    problem
proce'de'                     proced
proce'de's                    proced
proce'dure                    proce'dur
proce`s                       proces
procession                    process
processionnellement           processionnel
processions                   process
prochain                      prochain
prochaine                     prochain
proche                        proch
proches                       proch
proclamation                  proclam
proclamations                 proclam
proclame'e                    proclam
proclamer                     proclam
proctor                       proctor
procuration                   procur
procure                       procur
procure'                      procur
procure'e                     procur
procurer                      procur
procurerai                    procur
procureur                     procureur
procureurs                    procureur
prodige                       prodig
prodiges                      prodig
prodigieuse                   prodigi
prodigieusement               prodigi
prodigieux                    prodigi
prodiguait                    prodigu
prodigue                      prodigu
prodiguer                     prodigu
prodiguera                    prodigu
prodiguerait                  prodigu
prodigue`rent                 prodigu
production                    product
produirait                    produir
produire                      produir
produis                       produis
produisaient                  produis
produisait                    produis
produisant                    produis
produise                      produis
produisit                     produis
produit                       produit
produite                      produit
produites                     produit
produits                      produit
profanateur                   profan
profane                       profan
profanes                      profan
profe'rait                    profer
profe'rant                    profer
profe're'es                   profer
profe'rer                     profer
profe're's                    profer
professait                    profess
professeur                    professeur
professeurs                   professeur
profession                    profess
professions                   profess
profil                        profil
profilait                     profil
profilant                     profil
profile'e                     profil
profils                       profil
profit                        prof
profita                       profit
profitable                    profit
profitait                     profit
profitant                     profit
profite'                      profit
profiter                      profit
profiterait                   profit
profitons                     profiton
profits                       profit
profond                       profond
profonde                      profond
profonde'ment                 profond
profondes                     profond
profondeur                    profondeur
profondeurs                   profondeur
profonds                      profond
programme                     programm
progre`s                      progres
prohibe'e                     prohib
proie                         proi
projectiles                   projectil
projet                        projet
projete'                      projet
projete'e                     projet
projets                       projet
prolonge                      prolong
prolonge'                     prolong
prolongea                     prolong
prolongeaient                 prolong
prolongeant                   prolong
prolonge'e                    prolong
prolongent                    prolongent
prolonger                     prolong
prolonge's                    prolong
promena                       promen
promenade                     promenad
promenades                    promenad
promenaient                   promen
promenait                     promen
promenant                     promen
prome`ne                      promen
promene'                      promen
prome`nent                    prome`nent
promener                      promen
promene`rent                  promen
promene's                     promen
promeneur                     promeneur
promeneurs                    promeneur
promenez                      promen
promenions                    promen
promesse                      promess
promesses                     promess
promet                        promet
promets                       promet
promettait                    promet
promette                      promet
promettent                    promettent
promettez                     promet
promettons                    prometton
promettre                     promettr
promis                        prom
promise                       promis
promit                        prom
promontoire                   promontoir
promotion                     promot
prompte                       prompt
promptement                   prompt
pro^ner                       pro^n
prononc,a                     prononc
prononc,ait                   prononc
prononc,ant                   prononc
prononce                      prononc
prononce'                     prononc
prononce'e                    prononc
prononce'es                   prononc
prononcer                     prononc
prononcera                    prononc
prononcerait                  prononc
prononce`rent                 prononc
prononce's                    prononc
prononciation                 prononci
prononc,ons                   prononc,on
pronostics                    pronostic
propageaient                  propag
propage`rent                  propag
propension                    propens
prophe`te                     prophet
prophe`tes                    prophet
prophe'tie                    prophet
prophe'ties                   prophet
propice                       propic
propices                      propic
propitiatoires                propitiatoir
proportion                    proport
proportionne'                 proportion
proportions                   proport
propos                        propos
proposa                       propos
proposait                     propos
propose                       propos
propose'                      propos
proposer                      propos
proposerait                   propos
propose's                     propos
proposez                      propos
proposition                   proposit
propositions                  proposit
propre                        propr
proprement                    propr
propres                       propr
proprete'                     propret
proprie'taire                 proprie'tair
proprie'taires                proprie'tair
proprie'te'                   propriet
proprie'te's                  propriet
proprio                       proprio
prosai"quement                prosai"qu
prosai"ques                   prosai"qu
proscrivent                   proscrivent
prose                         pros
prose'lytisme                 prose'lyt
prospe`rent                   prosp
prospe'rite'                  prosper
prospe'rite's                 prosper
prosterna                     prostern
prosternait                   prostern
prosternant                   prostern
prostration                   prostrat
protecteur                    protecteur
protecteurs                   protecteur
protection                    protect
protections                   protect
prote`ge                      proteg
prote'ge'                     proteg
prote'geaient                 proteg
prote'geait                   proteg
prote'ger                     proteg
prote'gera                    proteg
prote'ge's                    proteg
prote'gez                     proteg
protesta                      protest
protestait                    protest
protestant                    protest
protestante                   protest
protestantisme                protestant
protestants                   protest
protestations                 protest
proteste                      protest
proteste'                     protest
protester                     protest
prouesse                      prouess
prouva                        prouv
prouvaient                    prouv
prouvait                      prouv
prouvant                      prouv
prouve                        prouv
prouve'                       prouv
prouve'e                      prouv
prouve'es                     prouv
prouvent                      prouvent
prouver                       prouv
prouveraient                  prouv
prouvez                       prouv
provenaient                   proven
provenait                     proven
provence                      provenc
proverbe                      proverb
proverbiale                   proverbial
providence                    provident
provient                      provient
province                      provinc
provinces                     provinc
provincial                    provincial
provinciale                   provincial
provinciaux                   provincial
provision                     provis
provisions                    provis
provocante                    provoc
provocatrice                  provoc
provoqua                      provoqu
provoquait                    provoqu
provoque'                     provoqu
provoque'e                    provoqu
provoquer                     provoqu
prude                         prud
prudemment                    prudent
prudence                      prudenc
prudent                       prudent
prudente                      prudent
prudentes                     prudent
prudents                      prudent
pruderie                      pruder
prunelle                      prunel
pruniers                      pruni
prusse                        pruss
prussien                      prussien
prussienne                    prussien
prussiens                     prussien
psalmodie                     psalmod
psaume                        psaum
psaumes                       psaum
pseudonyme                    pseudonym
psyche'                       psych
pu                            pu
publia                        publi
public                        public
publicite'                    publiqu
publics                       public
publie                        publ
publie'                       publi
publie'e                      publi
publie'es                     publi
publie`rent                   publi
publique                      publiqu
publiquement                  publiqu
publiques                     publiqu
pudeur                        pudeur
pue'riles                     pue'ril
puis                          puis
puisait                       puis
puisant                       puis
puise'e                       puis
puiser                        puis
puise's                       puis
puisqu                        puisqu
puisque                       puisqu
puissamment                   puiss
puissance                     puissanc
puissances                    puissanc
puissant                      puiss
puissante                     puiss
puissantes                    puiss
puissants                     puiss
puisse                        puiss
puissent                      puissent
puissiez                      puiss
puissions                     puission
puits                         puit
pullulaient                   pullul
pullulent                     pullulent
punch                         punch
puni                          pun
punie                         pun
punir                         pun
punira                        pun
punirait                      pun
punirmi                       punirm
punis                         pun
punisse                       pun
punit                         pun
puni^tes                      pun
punition                      punit
punitions                     punit
puntiglio                     puntiglio
pupille                       pupill
pupitre                       pupitr
pur                           pur
pure                          pur
purement                      pur
purent                        purent
purete'                       puret
purgeait                      purg
purger                        purg
puritaine                     puritain
purs                          pur
purser                        purs
pusillanime                   pusillanim
pusillanimes                  pusillanim
pusillanimite'                pusillanim
pusse                         puss
pussent                       pussent
put                           put
pu^t                          pu^t
putiphar                      putiphar
putre'faction                 putre'fact
pyramide                      pyramid
pyre'ne'es                    pyren
qu                            qu
qua                           qua
quadrille                     quadrill
quadrupe`de                   quadruped
quadruple                     quadrupl
quai                          quai
quais                         quais
quakeresse                    quakeress
qualifiait                    qualifi
qualificatif                  qualif
qualification                 qualif
qualite'                      qualit
qualite's                     qualit
quand                         quand
quando                        quando
quant                         quant
quanti                        quant
quantie`me                    quantiem
quantie`mes                   quantiem
quantite'                     quantit
quarantaine                   quarantain
quarante                      quar
quarantie`me                  quarantiem
quart                         quart
quarti                        quart
quartier                      quarti
quartiers                     quarti
quarto                        quarto
quarts                        quart
quatorze                      quatorz
quatre                        quatr
quatrie`me                    quatriem
quatrie`mes                   quatriem
que                           que
queenstown                    queenstown
quel                          quel
quelconque                    quelconqu
quelle                        quel
quelles                       quel
quelqu                        quelqu
quelque                       quelqu
quelquefois                   quelquefois
quelques                      quelqu
quels                         quel
quem                          quem
querelle                      querel
querelles                     querel
question                      question
questionner                   question
questions                     question
que^te                        que^t
que^tes                       que^t
que^teurs                     que^teur
queue                         queu
qui                           qui
quibus                        quibus
quichotte                     quichott
quiconque                     quiconqu
quid                          quid
quille                        quill
quint                         quint
quintaux                      quintal
quinte                        quint
quinzaine                     quinzain
quinze                        quinz
quinzie`me                    quinziem
quitta                        quitt
quittai                       quitt
quittais                      quitt
quittait                      quitt
quittant                      quitt
quitta^t                      quitt
quitte                        quitt
quitte'                       quitt
quittent                      quittent
quitter                       quitt
quittera                      quitt
quitterai                     quitt
quitterait                    quitt
quitte`rent                   quitt
quitterez                     quitt
quitterons                    quitt
quittes                       quitt
quitte's                      quitt
quittez                       quitt
quittons                      quitton
quoerens                      quoeren
quoi                          quoi
quoiqu                        quoiqu
quoique                       quoiqu
quotidien                     quotidien
quotidienne                   quotidien
quotidiennement               quotidien
quotite'                      quotit
r                             r
raba^chage                    raba^chag
rabaisser                     rabaiss
raccommodait                  raccommod
raccommodant                  raccommod
raccommode'                   raccommod
raccommodements               raccommod
raccommoder                   raccommod
raccordent                    raccordent
raccourcis                    raccourc
race                          rac
races                         rac
rache`te                      rachet
racheter                      rachet
racine                        racin
raconta                       racont
racontait                     racont
racontant                     racont
raconta^t                     racont
raconte                       racont
raconte'                      racont
racontent                     racontent
raconter                      racont
raconterai                    racont
raconteraient                 racont
raconterait                   racont
raconte`rent                  racont
raconterons                   racont
raconte's                     racont
racontez                      racont
rade                          rad
radieux                       radieux
radouci                       radouc
rafale                        rafal
rafales                       rafal
raffine'e                     raffin
rafrai^chie                   rafrai^ch
rafrai^chir                   rafrai^ch
rafrai^chissements            rafrai^ch
rafrai^chit                   rafrai^ch
rage                          rag
rageant                       rag
rages                         rag
rageurs                       rageur
raide                         raid
raidi                         raid
raidie                        raid
raidirent                     raid
raies                         rai
rail                          rail
raillerie                     railler
railroad                      railroad
rails                         rail
railway                       railway
railways                      railway
raison                        raison
raisonna                      raison
raisonnable                   raison
raisonnablement               raison
raisonnables                  raison
raisonnais                    raison
raisonnait                    raison
raisonnante                   raison
raisonne                      raison
raisonnement                  raison
raisonnements                 raison
raisonner                     raison
raisonneur                    raisonneur
raisons                       raison
rajah                         rajah
rajahs                        rajah
rajeuni                       rajeun
ra^laient                     ra^l
ralentie                      ralent
ralentir                      ralent
ralentissant                  ralent
ralentit                      ralent
ralliait                      ralli
rallier                       ralli
ralluma                       rallum
ralph                         ralph
ramassa                       ramass
ramassaient                   ramass
ramassait                     ramass
ramasse                       ram
ramasse'                      ramass
ramasser                      ramass
ramasseraient                 ramass
ramasse's                     ramass
ramassis                      ramass
ramayana                      ramayan
rambarde                      rambard
rambo                         rambo
rame                          ram
ramena                        ramen
ramenait                      ramen
ramenant                      ramen
ramener                       ramen
rames                         ram
rameurs                       rameur
ramifiant                     ramifi
ramifications                 ramif
ramifie'es                    ramifi
rampant                       ramp
rampe                         ramp
rampes                        ramp
ramure                        ramur
ramures                       ramur
ranchos                       ranchos
rancune                       rancun
rancunier                     rancuni
rang                          rang
range'                        rang
rangea                        rang
rangeait                      rang
range'e                       rang
range'es                      rang
ranger                        rang
rangerait                     rang
range`rent                    rang
ranges                        rang
range's                       rang
rangoon                       rangoon
rangs                         rang
ranima                        ranim
ranime'                       ranim
ranimer                       ranim
ranime`rent                   ranim
ranuce                        ranuc
rapacite'                     rapac
rapatrier                     rapatri
ra^pe'                        ra^p
ra^pe's                       ra^p
rapide                        rapid
rapidement                    rapid
rapides                       rapid
rapidite'                     rapid
rappela                       rappel
rappelaient                   rappel
rappelait                     rappel
rappelant                     rappel
rappela^t                     rappel
rappele'                      rappel
rappele'e                     rappel
rappeler                      rappel
rappele`rent                  rappel
rappele's                     rappel
rappelez                      rappel
rappelle                      rappel
rappellent                    rappellent
rappellera                    rappel
rappellerai                   rappel
rappellerais                  rappel
rappellerait                  rappel
rappellerez                   rappel
rapport                       rapport
rapporta                      rapport
rapportaient                  rapport
rapportait                    rapport
rapportant                    rapport
rapporta^t                    rapport
rapporte                      rapport
rapporte'                     rapport
rapporte'e                    rapport
rapporte'es                   rapport
rapporter                     rapport
rapporterait                  rapport
rapporte`rent                 rapport
rapporterons                  rapport
rapportes                     rapport
rapporteur                    rapporteur
rapports                      rapport
rapprocha                     rapproch
rapprochaient                 rapproch
rapprochait                   rapproch
rapprochant                   rapproch
rapproche                     rapproch
rapproche'                    rapproch
rapproche'es                  rapproch
rapprocher                    rapproch
rapprocherait                 rapproch
rapproche`rent                rapproch
rapproche's                   rapproch
raquettes                     raquet
rare                          rar
rare'fiaient                  rare'fi
rarement                      rar
rares                         rar
ras                           ras
rasant                        ras
rase'                         ras
rase'e                        ras
rase'es                       ras
raser                         ras
raserait                      ras
rassasie'                     rassasi
rassasie'e                    rassasi
rassasier                     rassasi
rassemblait                   rassembl
rassemble'                    rassembl
rassembler                    rassembl
rassemble's                   rassembl
rasseoir                      rasseoir
rasse're'na                   rasse'ren
rasse're'ner                  rasse'ren
rassi                         rass
rassit                        rass
rassura                       rassur
rassuraient                   rassur
rassurait                     rassur
rassure                       rassur
rassure'                      rassur
rassure'e                     rassur
rassurer                      rassur
rassurez                      rassur
ratine                        ratin
rationnelle                   rationnel
rationnellement               rationnel
rats                          rat
rattachait                    rattach
ravages                       ravag
ravaler                       raval
ravenne                       raven
raversi                       ravers
ravi                          rav
ravie                         rav
ravins                        ravin
ravir                         rav
ravis                         rav
raviser                       ravis
ravissait                     rav
ravissant                     rav
ravissante                    rav
ravissantes                   rav
ravissants                    rav
ravissement                   rav
ravisseur                     ravisseur
ravisseurs                    ravisseur
ravit                         rav
ravoir                        ravoir
raye'es                       rai
raynal                        raynal
rayon                         rayon
rayonna                       rayon
rayons                        rayon
razori                        razor
re'action                     re'action
reading                       reading
re'al                         re'al
re'alisable                   re'alis
re'aliser                     re'alis
re'aliste                     re'alist
re'alite'                     re'alit
re'approvisionner             re'approvision
re'barbatif                   re'barb
re'barbative                  re'barb
reba^tir                      reba^t
rebelle                       rebel
rebelles                      rebel
re'bellion                    re'bellion
re'capitulant                 re'capitul
re'cemment                    re'cent
re'cente                      re'cent
re'ception                    re'cept
re'ceptions                   re'cept
recette                       recet
recettes                      recet
recevaient                    recev
recevait                      recev
recevant                      recev
recevez                       recev
receviez                      recev
recevoir                      recevoir
recevra                       recevr
recevrai                      recevr
recevrait                     recevr
recevrez                      recevr
recharger                     recharg
rechargez                     recharg
re'chauffe'                   re'chauff
rechercha                     recherch
recherchait                   recherch
recherche                     recherch
recherche'                    recherch
rechercher                    recherch
rechercheront                 recherch
recherches                    recherch
recherche's                   recherch
rechignant                    rechign
rechigne'                     rechign
rechute                       rechut
re'cidive                     re'cid
reciproquement                reciproqu
re'ciproquement               re'ciproqu
recit                         rec
re'cit                        rec
re'cita                       re'cit
re'citaient                   re'cit
re'citait                     re'cit
re'citant                     re'cit
re'citatif                    re'cit
re'citation                   re'cit
re'cite                       re'cit
re'cite'                      re'cit
re'citer                      re'cit
re'citerai                    re'cit
re'citerez                    re'cit
re'cits                       re'cit
re'clamait                    re'clam
re'clame                      re'clam
re'clame'e                    re'clam
re'clamer                     re'clam
re'clame's                    re'clam
reclus                        reclus
re'clusion                    re'clus
rec,ois                       rec,ois
rec,oit                       rec,oit
rec,oive                      rec,oiv
rec,oivent                    rec,oivent
re'colte                      re'colt
recommanda                    recommand
recommandait                  recommand
recommandant                  recommand
recommandation                recommand
recommandations               recommand
recommande                    recommand
recommande'                   recommand
recommander                   recommand
recommande's                  recommand
recommandez                   recommand
recommenc,a                   recommenc
recommenc,aient               recommenc
recommenc,ait                 recommenc
recommenc,a^t                 recommenc
recommence                    recomment
recommence'                   recommenc
recommencer                   recommenc
recommencerai                 recommenc
recommenceraient              recommenc
recommencerait                recommenc
recommence`rent               recommenc
recommencez                   recommenc
re'compense                   re'compens
re'compense'                  re'compens
re'compense'e                 re'compens
recomptait                    recompt
re'conciliation               re'concili
re'concilie                   re'concil
reconduire                    reconduir
reconduisait                  reconduis
reconduisant                  reconduis
reconduisit                   reconduis
reconduit                     reconduit
reconnais                     recon
reconnaissable                reconnaiss
reconnaissaient               reconnaiss
reconnaissait                 reconnaiss
reconnaissance                reconnaiss
reconnaissant                 reconnaiss
reconnaisse                   reconnaiss
reconnaissent                 reconnaissent
reconnaissez                  reconnaiss
reconnai^t                    reconnai^t
reconnai^tra                  reconnai^tr
reconnai^tre                  reconnai^tr
reconnu                       reconnu
reconnue                      reconnu
reconnurent                   reconnurent
reconnus                      reconnus
reconnut                      reconnut
reconque'rir                  reconquer
reconquerrait                 reconquerr
reconquis                     reconqu
recoucher                     recouch
recoudre                      recoudr
recourir                      recour
recours                       recour
recouvert                     recouvert
recouverte                    recouvert
recouverts                    recouvert
recouvra                      recouvr
recouvrait                    recouvr
recouvre'e                    recouvr
recouvrer                     recouvr
recouvrir                     recouvr
recouvri^t                    recouvr
re'cre'ation                  re'cre'at
re'cre'ations                 re'cre'at
re'criait                     re'cri
re'crier                      re'cri
re'crie`rent                  re'cri
recrues                       recru
recrute                       recrut
recruter                      recrut
rectifia                      rectifi
rectifiait                    rectifi
rectifier                     rectifi
rectiligne                    rectilign
rec,u                         rec,u
rec,ue                        rec,u
recueil                       recueil
recueillent                   recueillent
recueilli                     recueil
recueillir                    recueil
recueillirent                 recueil
rec,ues                       rec,u
recula                        recul
reculant                      recul
recule                        recul
recule'                       recul
reculer                       recul
rec,urent                     rec,urent
rec,us                        rec,us
rec,ut                        rec,ut
rec,u^t                       rec,u^t
re'dacteur                    re'dacteur
re'dacteurs                   re'dacteur
re'daction                    re'dact
redemande                     redemand
redescend                     redescend
redescendant                  redescend
redescendit                   redescend
redescendre                   redescendr
redescendue                   redescendu
redevenaient                  redeven
redevenait                    redeven
redevenant                    redeven
redevenu                      redevenu
redevenue                     redevenu
redevint                      redevint
re'digea                      re'dig
re'dige'e                     re'dig
re'digerait                   re'dig
redingote                     redingot
redingotes                    redingot
redira                        red
redits                        redit
redonner                      redon
redoubla                      redoubl
redoublaient                  redoubl
redoublait                    redoubl
redoublant                    redoubl
redouble                      redoubl
redouble'                     redoubl
redoublement                  redoubl
redoubler                     redoubl
redoublerait                  redoubl
redouble`rent                 redoubl
redoutables                   redout
redoutaient                   redout
redoutait                     redout
redoute                       redout
redoute'                      redout
redouter                      redout
redoutons                     redouton
redressait                    redress
redresser                     redress
re'duiras                     re'duir
re'duire                      re'duir
re'duirons                    re'duiron
re'duisait                    re'duis
re'duisent                    re'duisent
re'duisit                     re'duis
re'duit                       re'duit
re'duite                      re'duit
re'duites                     re'duit
re'duits                      re'duit
re'el                         re'el
re'e'lection                  re'e'lect
re'elle                       re'el
re'ellement                   re'el
re'elles                      re'el
re'els                        re'el
re'expe'die'                  re'expe'di
refaire                       refair
refaisait                     refais
refaites                      refait
re'fectoire                   re'fectoir
re'fe'rences                  re'fe'rent
referma                       referm
referme'                      referm
referme'e                     referm
refermer                      referm
re'fle'chi                    re'flech
re'fle'chir                   re'flech
re'fle'chirez                 re'flech
re'fle'chissait               re'flech
re'fle'chissant               re'flech
re'fle'chissez                re'flech
re'fle'chit                   re'flech
re'fle'chi^t                  re'flech
reflet                        reflet
refle'tait                    reflet
refle`te                      reflet
reflets                       reflet
re'flexion                    re'flexion
re'flexions                   re'flex
reflua                        reflu
refluait                      reflu
reform                        reform
refouler                      refoul
re'fractaire                  re'fractair
re'fractaires                 re'fractair
refrain                       refrain
refrains                      refrain
refroidies                    refroid
refroidir                     refroid
refuge                        refug
re'fugia                      re'fugi
re'fugiait                    re'fugi
re'fugiant                    re'fugi
re'fugie                      re'fug
re'fugie'                     re'fugi
re'fugie'e                    re'fugi
re'fugier                     re'fugi
re'fugieront                  re'fugi
re'fugie's                    re'fugi
re'fugiez                     re'fug
refus                         refus
refusa                        refus
refusait                      refus
refusant                      refus
refuse                        refus
refuse'                       refus
refuse'e                      refus
refuse'es                     refus
refusent                      refusent
refuser                       refus
refuserait                    refus
refuseriez                    refus
refusez                       refus
refusiez                      refus
re'fute's                     re'fut
regagna                       regagn
regagnaient                   regagn
regagnait                     regagn
regagne'                      regagn
regagner                      regagn
re'galait                     re'gal
regard                        regard
regarda                       regard
regardaient                   regard
regardais                     regard
regardait                     regard
regardant                     regard
regarde                       regard
regarde'                      regard
regarde'e                     regard
regardent                     regardent
regarder                      regard
regardera                     regard
regarderai                    regard
regarde`rent                  regard
regarderez                    regard
regarderont                   regard
regarde's                     regard
regardez                      regard
regards                       regard
re'gate                       re'gat
re'ge'ne'rateur               re'ge'ner
re'ge'ne'rer                  re'ge'ner
regent                        regent
re'gent                       re'gent
regimbait                     regimb
re'gime                       re'gim
re'giment                     reg
re'giments                    reg
re'gimes                      re'gim
re'gion                       re'gion
re'gions                      re'gion
registre                      registr
registres                     registr
re'gla                        regl
re'glant                      regl
re`gle                        regl
re'gle'                       regl
re'gle'e                      regl
re`glement                    regl
re'glementaire                re'glementair
re'glementaires               re'glementair
re'glementation               re'glement
re'glemente'e                 re'glement
re`glements                   regl
re'gler                       regl
re'glera                      regl
re`gles                       regl
re'gle's                      regl
re'gna                        regn
re'gnaient                    regn
re'gnait                      regn
re'gnant                      regn
re'gnante                     regn
re`gne                        regn
re'gne'                       regn
re`gnent                      re`gnent
re'gner                       regn
re'gnera                      regn
re'gnez                       regn
re'gnons                      re'gnon
regorgeant                    regorg
regorgent                     regorgent
regret                        regret
regrets                       regret
regrettaient                  regret
regrettait                    regret
regrette                      regret
regrette'e                    regret
regrette'es                   regret
regretter                     regret
regretterais                  regret
regretteriez                  regret
regrettez                     regret
re'gularise'                  re'gularis
re'gularite'                  re'gular
re'gulateur                   re'gul
re'gulier                     re'guli
re'gulie`re                   re'guli
re'gulie`rement               re'gulier
rehausse                      rehauss
rein                          rein
reina                         rein
reine                         rein
reins                         rein
re'inte'gre'                  re'integr
re'inte'gre's                 re'integr
re'ite're'e                   re'iter
rejaillir                     rejaill
rejeta                        rejet
rejete'                       rejet
rejettera                     rejet
rejoignait                    rejoign
rejoignant                    rejoign
rejoignent                    rejoignent
rejoignirent                  rejoign
rejoignit                     rejoign
rejoindra                     rejoindr
rejoindre                     rejoindr
rejoint                       rejoint
re'jouie                      re'jou
re'jouir                      re'jou
re'jouirez                    re'jou
re'jouissait                  re'jou
re'jouissances                re'jouiss
re'jouit                      re'jou
rela^chait                    rela^ch
rela^che                      rela^ch
rela^che'                     rela^ch
rela^che'es                   rela^ch
rela^cher                     rela^ch
relais                        rel
relancer                      relanc
relatif                       relat
relatifs                      relat
relation                      relat
relations                     relat
relative                      relat
relativement                  relat
relatives                     relat
rele'gue'                     rele'gu
rele'gue'e                    rele'gu
rele'guer                     rele'gu
releva                        relev
relevaient                    relev
relevait                      relev
relevant                      relev
releve'                       relev
releve'e                      relev
releve'es                     relev
rele`vent                     rele`vent
relever                       relev
rele`veras                    relev
relie'                        reli
relie'e                       reli
relie'es                      reli
relief                        relief
reliefs                       relief
relier                        reli
relie's                       reli
religieuse                    religi
religieusement                religi
religieuses                   religi
religieux                     religi
religion                      religion
religions                     relig
religiosite'                  religios
reliquat                      reliquat
relique                       reliqu
relire                        relir
relis                         rel
relisais                      relis
relisait                      relis
relise                        relis
relu                          relu
relut                         relut
rem                           rem
remariais                     remari
remarqua                      remarqu
remarquable                   remarqu
remarquablement               remarqu
remarquables                  remarqu
remarquaient                  remarqu
remarquait                    remarqu
remarquant                    remarqu
remarqua^tes                  remarqu
remarque                      remarqu
remarque'                     remarqu
remarque'e                    remarqu
remarquer                     remarqu
remarquera                    remarqu
remarque`rent                 remarqu
remarquerez                   remarqu
remarques                     remarqu
remarque's                    remarqu
remarquez                     remarqu
rembourse                     rembours
remboursement                 rembours
rembourser                    rembours
rembrunit                     rembrun
reme`de                       remed
reme`des                      remed
reme'dier                     reme'di
remercia                      remerci
remerciait                    remerci
remerciant                    remerci
remercie                      remerc
remercie'                     remerci
remercie'e                    remerci
remerciements                 remerci
remercier                     remerci
remercierais                  remerci
remercierait                  remerci
remerci^ment                  remerci^
remerci^ments                 remerci^
remet                         remet
remets                        remet
remettait                     remet
remettant                     remet
remette                       remet
remettent                     remettent
remettra                      remettr
remettrai                     remettr
remettrais                    remettr
remettrait                    remettr
remettras                     remettr
remettre                      remettr
remettrez                     remettr
remiers                       remi
remirent                      rem
remis                         rem
remise                        remis
remises                       remis
re'mission                    re'miss
remit                         rem
remonta                       remont
remontait                     remont
remontant                     remont
remonte                       remont
remonte'                      remont
remontent                     remontent
remonter                      remont
remonterait                   remont
remontez                      remont
remontrance                   remontr
remontrances                  remontr
remontrer                     remontr
remords                       remord
remorquant                    remorqu
remous                        remous
rempart                       rempart
remparts                      rempart
remplac,a                     remplac
remplac,aient                 remplac
remplac,ait                   remplac
remplace                      remplac
remplace'                     remplac
remplace'e                    remplac
remplacement                  remplac
remplacer                     remplac
remplacera                    remplac
remplace's                    remplac
rempli                        rempl
remplie                       rempl
remplies                      rempl
remplir                       rempl
remplirent                    rempl
remplis                       rempl
remplissaient                 rempl
remplissait                   rempl
remplissant                   rempl
remplissent                   rempl
remplit                       rempl
remplumai                     remplum
remportant                    remport
remporter                     remport
remua                         remu
remuant                       remu
remue                         remu
remue'e                       remu
remuer                        remu
remues                        remu
re'mune'ration                re'muner
renaissant                    renaiss
renaissantes                  renaiss
renai^tre                     renai^tr
re^nal                        re^nal
renard                        renard
rencontra                     rencontr
rencontrai                    rencontr
rencontrait                   rencontr
rencontra^mes                 rencontr
rencontrant                   rencontr
rencontrassent                rencontr
rencontra^t                   rencontr
rencontre                     rencontr
rencontre'                    rencontr
rencontre'e                   rencontr
rencontre'es                  rencontr
rencontrent                   rencontrent
rencontrer                    rencontr
rencontrerai                  rencontr
rencontreraient               rencontr
rencontre`rent                rencontr
rencontres                    rencontr
rencontre's                   rencontr
rend                          rend
rendaient                     rend
rendait                       rend
rendant                       rend
rende                         rend
rendent                       rendent
rendez                        rend
rendirent                     rend
rendit                        rend
rendi^t                       rend
rendra                        rendr
rendrai                       rendr
rendrait                      rendr
rendre                        rendr
rendrez                       rendr
rendriez                      rendr
rendrons                      rendron
rendront                      rendront
rends                         rend
rendu                         rendu
rendue                        rendu
rendus                        rendus
re^ne                         re^n
rene'                         ren
renfermait                    renferm
renfermant                    renferm
renferme                      renferm
renferme'                     renferm
renferme'e                    renferm
renfermer                     renferm
renforce'                     renforc
renfort                       renfort
renfrogne'                    renfrogn
reniera                       reni
reno                          reno
renom                         renom
renomme'                      renomm
renomme'e                     renomm
renonc,a                      renonc
renonc,ait                    renonc
renonce                       renonc
renonce'                      renonc
renoncer                      renonc
renoncera                     renonc
renoncerais                   renonc
renoncez                      renonc
renoue'                       renou
renouer                       renou
renouvela                     renouvel
renouvelait                   renouvel
renouvelant                   renouvel
renouvele'                    renouvel
renouvele'es                  renouvel
renouveler                    renouvel
renouvele`rent                renouvel
renouvellement                renouvel
renouvellent                  renouvellent
renseignement                 renseign
renseignements                renseign
rente                         rent
rentes                        rent
rentra                        rentr
rentrait                      rentr
rentrant                      rentr
rentra^t                      rentr
rentre                        rentr
rentre'                       rentr
rentre'e                      rentr
rentrent                      rentrent
rentrer                       rentr
rentrera                      rentr
rentrerai                     rentr
rentre`rent                   rentr
rentrerez                     rentr
rentre's                      rentr
rentrons                      rentron
renverra                      renverr
renverraient                  renverr
renverrez                     renverr
renverrons                    renverron
renversa                      renvers
renversant                    renvers
renverse                      renvers
renverse'                     renvers
renverse'e                    renvers
renversement                  renvers
renverser                     renvers
renverseront                  renvers
renvoie                       renvoi
renvoya                       renvoi
renvoyait                     renvoi
renvoyant                     renvoi
renvoye'                      renvoi
renvoye'e                     renvoi
renvoyer                      renvoi
renvoye`rent                  renvoi
renvoyez                      renvoi
renvoyiez                     renvoi
renvoyons                     renvoyon
renza                         renz
repaire                       repair
re'pandaient                  re'pand
re'pandait                    re'pand
re'pandant                    re'pand
re'pandent                    re'pandent
re'pandit                     re'pand
re'pandi^t                    re'pand
re'pandrait                   re'pandr
re'pandre                     re'pandr
re'pandu                      re'pandu
re'pandue                     re'pandu
re'pandues                    re'pandu
reparaissaient                reparaiss
reparaissait                  reparaiss
reparai^tra                   reparai^tr
reparai^trai                  reparai^tr
reparai^trait                 reparai^tr
reparai^tre                   reparai^tr
reparai^trons                 reparai^tron
re'paration                   re'par
re'parations                  re'par
re'pare'e                     re'par
re'parent                     re'parent
re'parer                      re'par
re'pareraient                 re'par
re'parerait                   re'par
re'pareras                    re'par
reparlait                     reparl
repartaient                   repart
reparti                       repart
repartie                      repart
reparties                     repart
repartir                      repart
repartirent                   repart
repartit                      repart
re'partition                  re'partit
repartons                     reparton
reparu                        reparu
reparurent                    reparurent
reparut                       reparut
repas                         rep
repassa                       repass
repassai                      repass
repassait                     repass
repassant                     repass
repasser                      repass
repasserait                   repass
repens                        repen
repensant                     repens
repenser                      repens
repentie                      repent
repentir                      repent
reperdre                      reperdr
re'pe'ta                      re'pet
re'pe'taient                  re'pet
re'pe'tait                    re'pet
re'pe'tant                    re'pet
re'pe'ta^t                    re'pet
re'pe`te                      re'pet
re'pe'te'                     re'pet
re'pe'te'e                    re'pet
re'pe'te'es                   re'pet
re'pe`tent                    re'pe`tent
repeter                       repet
re'pe'ter                     re'pet
re'pe'tera                    re'pet
re'pe'terai                   re'pet
re'pe'terait                  re'pet
re'pe'terons                  re'pet
re'pe'teront                  re'pet
re'pe'tez                     re'pet
re'pe'tions                   re'pet
re'pe'titeur                  re'pe'titeur
re'pit                        rep
replac,a                      replac
replac,ant                    replac
replacer                      replac
replie'e                      repli
replie`rent                   repli
re'pliqua                     re'pliqu
re'pliquait                   re'pliqu
re'plique                     re'pliqu
re'pliquer                    re'pliqu
re'pliquerai                  re'pliqu
re'pliques                    re'pliqu
replis                        repl
re'pond                       re'pond
re'pondaient                  re'pond
re'pondais                    re'pond
re'pondait                    re'pond
re'pondant                    re'pond
re'pondez                     re'pond
re'pondiez                    re'pond
re'pondirent                  re'pond
re'pondit                     re'pond
re'pondi^t                    re'pond
re'pondra                     re'pondr
re'pondrai                    re'pondr
re'pondrais                   re'pondr
re'pondrait                   re'pondr
re'pondras                    re'pondr
re'pondre                     re'pondr
re'pondrez                    re'pondr
re'ponds                      re'pond
re'pondu                      re'pondu
re'ponse                      re'pons
re'ponses                     re'pons
reportant                     report
reporte'                      report
reporters                     reporter
repos                         repos
reposa                        repos
reposait                      repos
repose                        repos
repose'                       repos
reposer                       repos
reposera                      repos
reposoir                      reposoir
reposoirs                     reposoir
repoussa                      repouss
repoussais                    repouss
repoussait                    repouss
repoussant                    repouss
repousse                      repouss
repousse'                     repouss
repousse'e                    repouss
repousse'es                   repouss
repousser                     repouss
repousserait                  repouss
repousse's                    repouss
repoussez                     repouss
reprenaient                   repren
reprenait                     repren
reprenant                     repren
reprend                       reprend
reprendra                     reprendr
reprendrai                    reprendr
reprendrait                   reprendr
reprendre                     reprendr
reprendrons                   reprendron
reprends                      reprend
reprenez                      repren
repre'senta                   repre'sent
repre'sentaient               repre'sent
repre'sentait                 repre'sent
repre'sentant                 repre'sent
repre'sentation               repre'sent
representations               represent
repre'sentations              repre'sent
repre'sente                   repre'sent
repre'sente'                  repre'sent
repre'senter                  repre'sent
re'primande                   re'primand
re'primer                     re'prim
reprirent                     repr
repris                        repr
reprise                       repris
reprises                      repris
reprit                        repr
repri^t                       repr
reprocha                      reproch
reprochaient                  reproch
reprochait                    reproch
reprochant                    reproch
reproche                      reproch
reproche'                     reproch
reproche'e                    reproch
reprocher                     reproch
reprochera                    reproch
reprocherai                   reproch
reprocherais                  reproch
reproches                     reproch
reprochons                    reprochon
reproduire                    reproduir
reproduisait                  reproduis
reproduisent                  reproduisent
reproduisirent                reproduis
reproduisit                   reproduis
reproduit                     reproduit
reprouvez                     reprouv
reptation                     reptat
reptiles                      reptil
re'publicain                  re'publicain
re'publicains                 re'publicain
republican                    republican
re'publique                   re'publ
re'publiques                  re'publ
re'pudie'                     re'pudi
re'pugnait                    re'pugn
re'pugnance                   re'pugn
re'putation                   re'put
re'putations                  re'put
requiers                      requi
requise                       requis
re'quisitionnaire             re'quisitionnair
rescousse                     rescouss
rescrit                       rescr
re'seau                       re'seau
resegon                       resegon
resembleth                    resembleth
re'serva                      re'serv
re'servait                    re'serv
re'serve                      re'serv
re'serve'                     re'serv
re'serve'e                    re'serv
re'serve'es                   re'serv
re'server                     re'serv
re'serves                     re'serv
re'serve's                    re'serv
re'servoir                    re'servoir
re'sidais                     re'sid
re'sidait                     re'sid
re'sidence                    re'sident
re'signa                      re'sign
re'signation                  re'sign
re'signe'                     re'sign
re'signe'e                    re'sign
re'signer                     re'sign
re'sines                      re'sin
re'sista                      re'sist
re'sistaient                  re'sist
re'sistait                    re'sist
re'sistance                   re'sist
re'sistant                    re'sist
re'siste                      re'sist
re'sister                     re'sist
re'sisterez                   re'sist
re'sistes                     re'sist
re'solu                       re'solu
re'solue                      re'solu
re'solues                     re'solu
re'solument                   re'solu
re'solurent                   re'solurent
re'solut                      re'solut
re'solution                   re'solu
re'solutions                  re'solu
re'sonnaient                  re'son
re'soudre                     re'soudr
respect                       respect
respecta                      respect
respectable                   respect
respectables                  respect
respectais                    respect
respectait                    respect
respectant                    respect
respectante                   respect
respecte                      respect
respecte'                     respect
respecter                     respect
respecterais                  respect
respecte's                    respect
respective                    respect
respects                      respect
respectueuse                  respectu
respectueusement              respectu
respectueuses                 respectu
respectueux                   respectu
respira                       resp
respiraient                   resp
respirait                     resp
respirant                     respir
respiration                   respir
respire                       respir
respirer                      respir
respirerai                    respir
respirons                     resp
resplendissant                resplend
resplendissante               resplend
resplendissent                resplend
responsable                   respons
ressemblaient                 ressembl
ressemblait                   ressembl
ressemblance                  ressembl
ressemblant                   ressembl
ressembla^t                   ressembl
ressemble                     ressembl
ressemble'                    ressembl
ressemblent                   ressemblent
ressembler                    ressembl
ressemblera                   ressembl
ressemblez                    ressembl
ressens                       ressen
ressentait                    ressent
ressentir                     ressent
ressentit                     ressent
resserre'                     resserr
ressort                       ressort
ressorti                      ressort
ressortir                     ressort
ressorts                      ressort
ressource                     ressourc
ressources                    ressourc
ressuscite'                   ressusc
ressuscite`rent               ressuscit
resta                         rest
restai                        rest
restaient                     rest
restait                       rest
restant                       rest
restassent                    rest
resta^t                       rest
restaurant                    restaur
restaurants                   restaur
restauration                  restaur
restaurations                 restaur
restaure'                     restaur
reste                         rest
reste'                        rest
reste'e                       rest
reste'es                      rest
restent                       restent
rester                        rest
restera                       rest
resterai                      rest
resteraient                   rest
resterais                     rest
resterait                     rest
resteras                      rest
reste`rent                    rest
resterez                      rest
resteront                     rest
restes                        rest
reste's                       rest
restez                        rest
restiez                       rest
restitue'                     restitu
restitue'e                    restitu
restituit                     restituit
restitution                   restitu
restriction                   restrict
re'sultait                    re'sult
re'sultat                     re'sultat
re'sultats                    re'sultat
re'sumait                     re'sum
re'sume'                      re'sum
re'sumer                      re'sum
re'sumons                     re'sumon
re'surrection                 re'surrect
re'tabli                      re'tabl
re'tablie                     re'tabl
re'tablir                     re'tabl
re'tabliras                   re'tabl
re'tablissait                 re'tabl
re'tablissement               re'tabl
re'tablit                     re'tabl
retard                        retard
retardait                     retard
retardant                     retard
retardataire                  retardatair
retarde                       retard
retarde'                      retard
retarde'e                     retard
retardent                     retardent
retarder                      retard
retardez                      retard
retards                       retard
retenaient                    reten
retenait                      reten
retenant                      reten
retenez                       reten
retenir                       reten
retenti                       retent
retentir                      retent
retentiraient                 retent
retentirait                   retent
retentirent                   retent
retentissaient                retent
retentissait                  retent
retentissant                  retent
retentissement                retent
retentit                      retent
retenu                        retenu
retenue                       retenu
retenues                      retenu
retenus                       retenus
retiendrai                    retiendr
retienne                      retien
retiennent                    retiennent
retient                       retient
retinrent                     retinrent
retint                        retint
retira                        ret
retiraient                    ret
retirait                      ret
retirant                      retir
retira^t                      retir
retire                        retir
retire'                       retir
retire'e                      retir
retire'es                     retir
retirer                       retir
retirerais                    retir
retirerait                    retir
retire`rent                   retir
retirerez                     retir
retire's                      retir
retirez                       ret
retirons                      ret
retomba                       retomb
retombait                     retomb
retombant                     retomb
retombe                       retomb
retombe'e                     retomb
retomber                      retomb
retomberait                   retomb
retombes                      retomb
retour                        retour
retourna                      retourn
retournaient                  retourn
retournait                    retourn
retournant                    retourn
retourne                      retourn
retourne'                     retourn
retourner                     retourn
retourne`rent                 retourn
retournez                     retourn
retracer                      retrac
re'tracte                     re'tract
retraite                      retrait
retraites                     retrait
retrancher                    retranch
retranche's                   retranch
re'tre'ci                     re'trec
re'tre'cir                    re'trec
re'tre'cissait                re'trec
retrempait                    retremp
retrempe'                     retremp
re'tribution                  re'tribu
re'trospectif                 re'trospect
retrouva                      retrouv
retrouvaient                  retrouv
retrouvait                    retrouv
retrouvant                    retrouv
retrouva^t                    retrouv
retrouve                      retrouv
retrouve'                     retrouv
retrouve'e                    retrouv
retrouver                     retrouv
retrouvera                    retrouv
retrouverai                   retrouv
retrouve`rent                 retrouv
retrouverez                   retrouv
retrouverons                  retrouv
retz                          retz
re'uni                        re'un
re'unie                       re'un
re'unies                      re'un
re'union                      re'union
re'unir                       re'un
re'unirent                    re'un
re'uniront                    re'un
re'unis                       re'un
re'unissaient                 re'un
re'unissait                   re'un
re'unissant                   re'un
re'unissent                   re'un
re'unissez                    re'un
re'unit                       re'un
re'ussi                       re'uss
re'ussir                      re'uss
re'ussirais                   re'uss
re'ussis                      re'uss
re'ussissait                  re'uss
re'ussissez                   re'uss
re'ussit                      re'uss
re'ussite                     re'ussit
re^va                         re^v
re^vait                       re^v
revanche                      revanch
re^vant                       re^v
revaudrai                     revaudr
re^ve                         re^v
re^ve'                        re^v
re'veil                       re'veil
re'veilla                     re'veil
re'veillait                   re'veil
re'veillant                   re'veil
re'veilla^t                   re'veil
re'veille                     re'veil
re'veille'                    re'veil
re'veille'e                   re'veil
re'veiller                    re'veil
re'veille`rent                re'veil
re'veille's                   re'veil
re've'la                      re'vel
re've'lait                    re'vel
re've'lation                  re'vel
re've'le'                     re'vel
re've'ler                     re'vel
revenaient                    reven
revenait                      reven
revenant                      reven
revendeur                     revendeur
revendre                      revendr
revenez                       reven
revenir                       reven
revenons                      revenon
revenu                        revenu
revenue                       revenu
revenus                       revenus
re^ver                        re^v
re've're'                     re'ver
re've'rence                   re've'rent
re've'rences                  re've'rent
re've'rencieuses              re've'renci
re've'rend                    re've'rend
re've'rendissime              re've'rendissim
re^verie                      re^ver
re^veries                     re^ver
reverrai                      reverr
reverrais                     reverr
reverrait                     reverr
reverrez                      reverr
reverrons                     reverron
reverront                     reverront
revers                        rever
re^ves                        re^v
reve^tir                      reve^t
reve^tu                       reve^tu
reve^tus                      reve^tus
re^veur                       re^veur
re^veuse                      re^veux
re^vez                        re^v
reviendra                     reviendr
reviendrai                    reviendr
reviendrais                   reviendr
reviendrait                   reviendr
reviendrez                    reviendr
reviendront                   reviendront
revienne                      revien
reviennent                    reviennent
reviens                       revien
revient                       revient
review                        review
revinrent                     revinrent
revinssent                    revinssent
revint                        revint
revirement                    revir
revirent                      rev
revissent                     rev
revit                         rev
revivaient                    reviv
revoie                        revoi
revoies                       revoi
revoir                        revoir
revois                        revois
re'volta                      re'volt
re'voltante                   re'volt
re'voltantes                  re'volt
re'volta^t                    re'volt
re'volte                      re'volt
re'volte'                     re'volt
re'volte'e                    re'volt
re'volter                     re'volt
re'volues                     re'volu
re'volus                      re'volus
re'volution                   re'volu
re'volutionnaire              re'volutionnair
re'volutionnaires             re'volutionnair
re'volutions                  re'volu
revolver                      revolv
revolvers                     revolver
re'voque'e                    re'voqu
re'voquerai                   re'voqu
re'voquerez                   re'voqu
revoyait                      revoi
revoyant                      revoi
revu                          revu
revue                         revu
revues                        revu
rez                           rez
rhin                          rhin
rho^ne                        rho^n
rhubarbe                      rhubarb
rhume                         rhum
ri                            ri
riaient                       ri
riais                         ri
riait                         ri
riant                         ri
riante                        ri
riants                        ri
ricanant                      rican
ricanement                    rican
ricciarda                     ricciard
richards                      richard
riche                         rich
richelieu                     richelieu
richement                     rich
richemond                     richemond
riches                        rich
richesse                      richess
richesses                     richess
richissime                    richissim
rideau                        rideau
rideaux                       rideau
rides                         rid
ridicule                      ridicul
ridicules                     ridicul
rie                           ri
rien                          rien
riens                         rien
rient                         rient
rienzi                        rienz
rigides                       rigid
rigoureuse                    rigour
rigoureusement                rigour
rigoureux                     rigour
rigueur                       rigueur
rigueurs                      rigueur
rimailleur                    rimailleur
rimes                         rim
rios                          rios
riposta                       ripost
ripostaient                   ripost
rire                          rir
rires                         rir
ris                           ris
riscara                       riscar
risqua                        risqu
risquaient                    risqu
risque                        risqu
risque'                       risqu
risquer                       risqu
risquerai                     risqu
risques                       risqu
risquiez                      risqu
risquons                      risquon
rit                           rit
ri^t                          ri^t
ritournelle                   ritournel
riva                          riv
rivage                        rivag
rival                         rival
rivale                        rival
rivales                       rival
rivalite'                     rival
rivarol                       rivarol
rivaux                        rival
rive                          riv
river                         riv
riverisco                     riverisco
rives                         riv
rivie`re                      rivi
rivie`res                     rivi
rivoli                        rivol
riz                           riz
rizie`res                     rizi
road                          road
roads                         road
roastbeef                     roastbeef
robe                          rob
robert                        robert
robes                         rob
robespierre                   robespierr
robre                         robr
robres                        robr
robuste                       robust
robustes                      robust
roc                           roc
roch                          roch
rocher                        roch
rochers                       rocher
roches                        roch
rocheuses                     rocheux
rock                          rock
rocky                         rocky
roclin                        roclin
ro^dait                       ro^d
ro^dant                       ro^d
ro^der                        ro^d
rogations                     rogat
rogne'                        rogn
rognure                       rognur
rogue                         rogu
roguerie                      roguer
roi                           roi
rois                          rois
roiville                      roivill
roland                        roland
ro^le                         ro^l
ro^les                        ro^l
romagnan                      romagnan
romagnano                     romagnano
romagne                       romagn
romain                        romain
romaine                       romain
romains                       romain
roman                         roman
romanesque                    romanesqu
romanesques                   romanesqu
romans                        roman
rome                          rom
rompe                         romp
rompez                        romp
rompit                        romp
rompre                        rompr
rompt                         rompt
rompu                         rompu
rompus                        rompus
ronces                        ronc
ronceux                       ronceux
rond                          rond
ronde                         rond
rondement                     rond
rondes                        rond
ronds                         rond
ronflait                      ronfl
ronflantes                    ronfl
ronfle                        ronfl
ronflement                    ronfl
ronflements                   ronfl
rongeait                      rong
ronsard                       ronsard
room                          room
rooms                         room
rose                          ros
roseau                        roseau
roseaux                       roseau
rose'e                        ros
roses                         ros
rosier                        rosi
rosiers                       rosi
rosse                         ross
rosse'                        ross
rosses                        ross
rossini                       rossin
rothal                        rothal
rothschild                    rothschild
ro^ti                         ro^t
ro^tie                        ro^t
ro^ties                       ro^t
rotrou                        rotrou
roue                          rou
roue'                         rou
rouer                         rou
roueries                      rouer
roues                         rou
rouffles                      rouffl
rouge                         roug
rougea^tre                    rougea^tr
rouges                        roug
rougeur                       rougeur
rougi                         roug
rougir                        roug
rougira                       roug
rougirait                     roug
rougissait                    roug
rougissant                    roug
rougit                        roug
rouille                       rouill
rouille'                      rouill
roula                         roul
roulaient                     roul
roulait                       roul
roulant                       roul
roule                         roul
rouleau                       rouleau
roulement                     roul
roule`rent                    roul
roulis                        roul
rousseau                      rousseau
route                         rout
routes                        rout
rouvert                       rouvert
rouvray                       rouvray
rouvrit                       rouvr
rovere                        rover
rove`re                       rover
row                           row
rowan                         rowan
royal                         royal
royale                        royal
royaliste                     royal
royalistes                    royal
royaume                       royaum
ruban                         ruban
rubempre'                     rubempr
rubigneau                     rubigneau
rude                          rud
rudement                      rud
rudes                         rud
rudesse                       rudess
rue                           ru
rues                          ru
ruga                          rug
rugissements                  rug
ruina                         ruin
ruinait                       ruin
ruine                         ruin
ruine'                        ruin
ruine'e                       ruin
ruine'es                      ruin
ruinent                       ruinent
ruiner                        ruin
ruines                        ruin
ruine's                       ruin
ruineux                       ruineux
ruinez                        ruin
ruisseau                      ruisseau
ruisseaux                     ruisseau
ruminait                      rumin
ruminants                     rumin
rupture                       ruptur
rus                           rus
rusca                         rusc
ruse                          rus
ruse'                         rus
russe                         russ
russell                       russel
russes                        russ
russie                        russ
s                             s
s^a                           s^a
sa                            sa
sable'                        sabl
sable'es                      sabl
sabre                         sabr
sabre'                        sabr
sabrer                        sabr
sabres                        sabr
sabre's                       sabr
sac                           sac
sacca                         sacc
saccade's                     saccad
sachant                       sach
sache                         sach
saches                        sach
sachez                        sach
sachiez                       sach
sachons                       sachon
sacramentelle                 sacramentel
sacramento                    sacramento
sacre                         sacr
sacre'                        sacr
sacre'die'                    sacre'di
sacre'e                       sacr
sacre'es                      sacr
sacrement                     sacr
sacrements                    sacr
sacre's                       sacr
sacrifiait                    sacrifi
sacrifiant                    sacrifi
sacrifice                     sacrific
sacrifices                    sacrific
sacrifie                      sacrif
sacrifie'                     sacrifi
sacrifie'es                   sacrifi
sacrifier                     sacrifi
sacrifierait                  sacrifi
sacrifie's                    sacrifi
sacrifiez                     sacrif
sacrile`ge                    sacrileg
sacristie                     sacrist
saddle                        saddl
sagacite'                     sagac
sage                          sag
sagement                      sag
sages                         sag
sagesse                       sagess
sagoutiers                    sagouti
sai"d                         sai"d
saigna                        saign
saignait                      saign
saigne'                       saign
saigne'es                     saign
saigner                       saign
saillant                      saill
saillante                     saill
saillantes                    saill
saillants                     saill
saillie                       saill
saillies                      saill
sain                          sain
sainclair                     sainclair
saine                         sain
sains                         sain
saint                         saint
sainte                        saint
saintes                       saint
saintete'                     saintet
saints                        saint
sais                          sais
saisi                         sais
saisie                        sais
saisines                      saisin
saisir                        sais
saisirais                     sais
saisirent                     sais
saisis                        sais
saisissait                    sais
saisissant                    sais
saisissante                   sais
saisissement                  sais
saisissez                     sais
saisit                        sais
saisi^tes                     sais
saison                        saison
sait                          sait
saki                          sak
salaire                       salair
salanganes                    salangan
salcette                      salcet
sale                          sal
sale'                         sal
salement                      sal
sales                         sal
salete'                       salet
salis                         sal
salle                         sall
salles                        sall
salomon                       salomon
salon                         salon
salons                        salon
salt                          salt
saltimbanques                 saltimbanqu
salua                         salu
saluaient                     salu
saluait                       salu
saluant                       salu
salue                         salu
salue'                        salu
saluer                        salu
salue`rent                    salu
salure                        salur
salut                         salut
salutaire                     salutair
samedi                        samed
samedis                       samed
samuel                        samuel
san                           san
sancho                        sancho
sanctifie                     sanctif
sanctuaire                    sanctuair
sanctus                       sanctus
sandales                      sandal
sandolaro                     sandolaro
sandrino                      sandrino
sandy                         sandy
sang                          sang
sanglant                      sangl
sanglante                     sangl
sanglier                      sangli
sanglot                       sanglot
sanglotaient                  sanglot
sanglotant                    sanglot
sanglots                      sanglot
sangsues                      sangsu
sanguigna                     sanguign
sanguinaire                   sanguinair
sannazaro                     sannazaro
sans                          san
sanseverina                   sanseverin
santal                        santal
sante'                        sant
saper                         sap
sapin                         sapin
sapins                        sapin
sara`                         sara`
saragosse                     saragoss
sarasine                      sarasin
sarcasmes                     sarcasm
sardonique                    sardon
sarono                        sarono
sat                           sat
satie'te'                     satiet
satin                         satin
satirique                     satir
satiriques                    satir
satisfaction                  satisfact
satisfaire                    satisfair
satisfaisant                  satisfais
satisfait                     satisf
satisfera                     satisf
saturaient                    satur
sature'e                      satur
sauce                         sauc
saucisses                     sauc
sauders                       sauder
sauf                          sauf
saugrenues                    saugrenu
saule                         saul
saules                        saul
saura                         saur
saurai                        saur
sauraient                     saur
saurais                       saur
saurait                       saur
saurez                        saur
sauriez                       saur
saurons                       sauron
sauront                       sauront
saut                          saut
sauta                         saut
sautait                       saut
sautant                       saut
saute                         saut
saute'                        saut
sauter                        saut
sauterai                      saut
sauterait                     saut
saute`rent                    saut
saute's                       saut
sauteur                       sauteur
sauteuse                      sauteux
sautillant                    sautill
sautoir                       sautoir
sauts                         saut
sauva                         sauv
sauvage                       sauvag
sauvages                      sauvag
sauvait                       sauv
sauvant                       sauv
sauve                         sauv
sauve'                        sauv
sauve'e                       sauv
sauvegarder                   sauvegard
sauvent                       sauvent
sauver                        sauv
sauvera                       sauv
sauverai                      sauv
sauveraient                   sauv
sauveront                     sauv
sauve's                       sauv
sauveur                       sauveur
sauveurs                      sauveur
sauvez                        sauv
sauvions                      sauvion
sauvons                       sauvon
savaient                      sav
savais                        sav
savait                        sav
savamment                     sav
savant                        sav
savante                       sav
savantes                      sav
savants                       sav
savent                        savent
saveur                        saveur
savez                         sav
saviez                        sav
saville                       savill
savoir                        savoir
savons                        savon
saxe                          sax
saxon                         saxon
saxons                        saxon
sbires                        sbir
scabreuses                    scabreux
scabreux                      scabreux
scagliola                     scagliol
scala                         scal
scalpent                      scalpent
scandale                      scandal
scandaleuse                   scandal
scandalisaient                scandalis
scandalise'                   scandalis
scandalise'e                  scandalis
scandalisera                  scandalis
scandalise's                  scandalis
scandinavie                   scandinav
sceau                         sceau
sceaux                        sceau
sce'le'rat                    sce'le'rat
sce'le'ratesse                sce'le'ratess
sce'le'rats                   sce'le'rat
scelle'                       scel
sce`ne                        scen
sce`nes                       scen
schiller                      schill
schuyler                      schuyl
sciant                        sci
scie                          sci
scie'                         sci
sciemment                     scient
science                       scienc
sciences                      scienc
scier                         sci
scierie                       scier
scies                         sci
scieur                        scieur
scintillants                  scintill
scintillations                scintill
scotland                      scotland
scott                         scott
scotti                        scott
scrupule                      scrupul
scrupules                     scrupul
scrupuleuse                   scrupul
scrupuleusement               scrupul
scrutateur                    scrutateur
sculpte'e                     sculpt
sculpte'es                    sculpt
sculpte's                     sculpt
sculpteur                     sculpteur
sculpteurs                    sculpteur
se                            se
se'ance                       se'anc
sec                           sec
secatore                      secator
se`che                        sech
se'che'                       sech
se'che'e                      sech
se`chement                    sech
se'cher                       sech
se'cheresse                   se'cheress
se`ches                       sech
second                        second
secondaient                   second
seconde                       second
seconde'                      second
secondent                     secondent
seconderait                   second
secondes                      second
secoua                        secou
secouaient                    secou
secouait                      secou
secouant                      secou
secoue                        secou
secoue'e                      secou
secoue's                      secou
secourable                    secour
secourez                      secour
secourir                      secour
secours                       secour
secouru                       secouru
secousse                      secouss
secousses                     secouss
secret                        secret
secre'taire                   secre'tair
secre'taires                  secre'tair
secre`te                      secret
secre`tement                  secret
secre`tes                     secret
secrets                       secret
secs                          sec
sectaire                      sectair
sectateur                     sectateur
sectateurs                    sectateur
secte                         sect
section                       section
se'culaires                   se'culair
secundo                       secundo
se'curite'                    se'cur
se'dentaire                   se'dentair
sedgwick                      sedgwick
sediola                       sediol
se'ditieuse                   se'diti
se'ditieux                    se'diti
se'dition                     se'dit
se'ducteur                    se'ducteur
se'duction                    se'duct
se'ductions                   se'duct
se'duire                      se'duir
se'duisait                    se'duis
se'duisant                    se'duis
se'duisante                   se'duis
se'duisants                   se'duis
se'duit                       se'duit
se'duite                      se'duit
se'duits                      se'duit
segreto                       segreto
seigneur                      seigneur
seigneuries                   seigneur
seigneurs                     seigneur
sein                          sein
seine                         sein
seize                         seiz
se'jour                       se'jour
se'journait                   se'journ
se'journa^t                   se'journ
se'journer                    se'journ
sel                           sel
sella                         sel
selle                         sel
selle'                        sel
sellette                      sellet
selon                         selon
sema                          sem
semaine                       semain
semaines                      semain
sembla                        sembl
semblable                     semblabl
semblables                    semblabl
semblaient                    sembl
semblait                      sembl
semblant                      sembl
sembla^t                      sembl
semble                        sembl
semble'                       sembl
semblent                      semblent
sembler                       sembl
semblera                      sembl
semblerait                    sembl
semble`rent                   sembl
semblez                       sembl
se`me                         sem
seme'                         sem
seme'e                        sem
seme'es                       sem
semelle                       semel
semelles                      semel
semer                         sem
seme's                        sem
semez                         sem
semi                          sem
se'millant                    se'mill
se'millante                   se'mill
se'minaire                    se'minair
se'minariste                  se'minar
se'minaristes                 se'minar
sempans                       sempan
sens                          sen
sensation                     sensat
sensations                    sensat
sense'e                       sens
sense's                       sens
sensibilite'                  sensibil
sensible                      sensibl
sensiblement                  sensibl
sensibles                     sensibl
sent                          sent
sentaient                     sent
sentais                       sent
sentait                       sent
sentant                       sent
sentence                      sentenc
sentences                     sentenc
sentent                       sentent
sentez                        sent
senti                         sent
sentie                        sent
sentier                       senti
sentiers                      senti
senties                       sent
sentiment                     sent
sentimentale                  sentimental
sentimentales                 sentimental
sentiments                    sent
sentinelle                    sentinel
sentinelles                   sentinel
sentir                        sent
sentira                       sent
sentirez                      sent
sentisses                     sent
sentit                        sent
se'para                       se'par
se'paraient                   se'par
se'parait                     se'par
se'parant                     se'par
se'paration                   se'par
se'pare                       se'par
se'pare'                      se'par
se'pare'e                     se'par
se'pare'es                    se'par
se'parent                     se'parent
se'parer                      se'par
se'parera                     se'par
se'pare's                     se'par
se'parons                     se'paron
sept                          sept
septembre                     septembr
septentrional                 septentrional
septentrionale                septentrional
septentrionales               septentrional
septie`me                     septiem
sequin                        sequin
sequins                       sequin
sera                          ser
serai                         ser
seraient                      ser
se'rail                       se'rail
serais                        ser
serait                        ser
seras                         ser
se're'nade                    se're'nad
se're'nades                   se're'nad
se're'nissime                 se're'nissim
se're'nite'                   se'ren
serez                         ser
sergent                       sergent
se'rie                        ser
se'rieuse                     se'rieux
serieusement                  serieux
se'rieusement                 se'rieux
se'rieuses                    se'rieux
se'rieux                      se'rieux
seriez                        ser
serions                       serion
serious                       serious
serment                       serment
serments                      serment
sermon                        sermon
sermons                       sermon
serons                        seron
seront                        seront
serpent                       serpent
serpentent                    serpentent
serpents                      serpent
serpolet                      serpolet
serra                         serr
serraient                     serr
serrait                       serr
serrant                       serr
serre                         serr
serre'                        serr
serre'e                       serr
serre'es                      serr
serrements                    serr
serrent                       serrent
serrer                        serr
serre`rent                    serr
serres                        serr
serre's                       serr
serrure                       serrur
serrures                      serrur
serrurier                     serruri
sert                          sert
servaient                     serv
servais                       serv
servait                       serv
servant                       serv
servante                      serv
serve                         serv
servent                       servent
servi                         serv
serviable                     serviabl
service                       servic
services                      servic
servie                        serv
serviettes                    serviet
servilement                   servil
servir                        serv
servira                       serv
servirai                      serv
serviraient                   serv
servirait                     serv
servirez                      serv
servis                        serv
servit                        serv
serviteur                     serviteur
serviteurs                    serviteur
ses                           se
session                       session
seuil                         seuil
seul                          seul
seule                         seul
seulement                     seul
seules                        seul
seuls                         seul
se've`re                      se'ver
se've`rement                  se'ver
se've`res                     se'ver
se've'rite'                   se'ver
se've'rite's                  se'ver
sexage'simales                sexage'simal
sexe                          sex
sexes                         sex
sfondrata                     sfondrat
sforce                        sforc
sforze                        sforz
shako                         shako
shakos                        shakos
shakspeare                    shakspear
shangai"                      shangai"
sheppard                      sheppard
sheridan                      sheridan
sherry                        sherry
shilling                      shilling
shillings                     shilling
shipping                      shipping
shiva                         shiv
shows                         show
si                            si
siamo                         siamo
sie`cle                       siecl
sie`cles                      siecl
sie`ge                        sieg
sie`ges                       sieg
sien                          sien
sienne                        sien
siennes                       sien
siens                         sien
sierra                        sierr
sieste                        siest
sieur                         sieur
sieye`s                       sieyes
siffla                        siffl
sifflaient                    siffl
sifflait                      siffl
sifflant                      siffl
sifflement                    siffl
sifflements                   siffl
siffler                       siffl
sifflet                       sifflet
sifflets                      sifflet
sighs                         sigh
sigisbe'e                     sigisb
sigismond                     sigismond
signa                         sign
signait                       sign
signal                        signal
signala                       signal
signale                       signal
signale'                      signal
signale'e                     signal
signalement                   signal
signalements                  signal
signaler                      signal
signalerait                   signal
signant                       sign
signature                     signatur
signaux                       signal
signe                         sign
signe'                        sign
signe'e                       sign
signe'es                      sign
signer                        sign
signera                       sign
signerai                      sign
signes                        sign
signets                       signet
signez                        sign
signifiait                    signifi
significatif                  signif
signification                 signif
significative                 signif
significatives                signif
signifie                      signif
signifier                     signifi
signor                        signor
signora                       signor
signorino                     signorino
silence                       silenc
silencieuse                   silenci
silencieusement               silenci
silencieux                    silenci
silhouette                    silhouet
sillonnaient                  sillon
sillonne                      sillon
sillonne'                     sillon
sillonne's                    sillon
sillons                       sillon
simagre'es                    simagr
simon                         simon
simonie                       simon
simple                        simpl
simplement                    simpl
simples                       simpl
simplicite'                   simpliqu
simplifie'e                   simplifi
simule                        simul
sinant                        sin
since                         sinc
since`re                      sincer
since`rement                  sincer
since`res                     sincer
since'rite'                   sincer
sindes                        sind
sine                          sin
sine'cures                    sine'cur
singapore                     singapor
singe                         sing
singeries                     singer
singes                        sing
singularite'                  singular
singularite's                 singular
singulier                     singuli
singulie`re                   singuli
singulie`rement               singulier
singulie`res                  singuli
singuliers                    singuli
sinistre                      sinistr
sinistres                     sinistr
sinon                         sinon
sinuosite's                   sinuos
sioux                         sioux
sir                           sir
sire                          sir
site                          sit
sites                         sit
sito^t                        sito^t
situation                     situat
situe'                        situ
situe'e                       situ
situe's                       situ
six                           six
sixie`me                      sixiem
sixte                         sixt
sixtine                       sixtin
sky                           sky
sleeping                      sleeping
slight                        slight
sloop                         sloop
small                         small
smith                         smith
smollett                      smollet
smyth                         smyth
so                            so
social                        social
sociale                       social
sociales                      social
sociaux                       social
socie'te'                     societ
socie'te's                    societ
socques                       socqu
soeur                         soeur
soeurs                        soeur
soi                           soi
soie                          soi
soient                        soient
soif                          soif
soigna                        soign
soignait                      soign
soignant                      soign
soigne                        soign
soigne'                       soign
soigne'e                      soign
soigner                       soign
soigne's                      soign
soigneusement                 soigneux
soigneux                      soigneux
soin                          soin
soins                         soin
soir                          soir
soire'e                       soir
soire'es                      soir
soirs                         soir
sois                          sois
soissons                      soisson
soit                          soit
soixante                      soix
soixantie`me                  soixantiem
sol                           sol
solaire                       solair
soldant                       sold
soldat                        soldat
soldats                       soldat
solde                         sold
solde'                        sold
solde's                       sold
soleil                        soleil
solennel                      solennel
solennelle                    solennel
solennels                     solennel
solide                        solid
solidement                    solid
solides                       solid
solidite'                     solid
solitaire                     solitair
solitaires                    solitair
solitude                      solitud
sollicita                     sollicit
sollicitait                   sollicit
sollicitations                sollicit
sollicite                     sollicit
sollicite'                    solliqu
solliciter                    sollicit
solliciteur                   solliciteur
sollicitez                    sollicit
sols                          sol
solution                      solut
somanlis                      somanl
sombre                        sombr
sombrer                       sombr
sombreros                     sombreros
sombres                       sombr
sommaire                      sommair
sommariva                     sommariv
sommation                     sommat
somme                         somm
sommeil                       sommeil
sommeillait                   sommeil
sommer                        somm
sommes                        somm
sommet                        sommet
sommets                       sommet
sommite's                     sommit
somptueuse                    somptueux
somptueusement                somptueux
somptueux                     somptueux
somptuosite'                  somptuos
son                           son
son^a                         son^
sonder                        sond
songe                         song
songe'                        song
songea                        song
songeaient                    song
songeais                      song
songeait                      song
songeant                      song
songea^t                      song
songent                       songent
songeons                      songeon
songer                        song
songera                       song
songerai                      song
songerait                     song
songe`rent                    song
songes                        song
songez                        song
sonna                         son
sonnaient                     son
sonnait                       son
sonnant                       son
sonna^t                       son
sonne                         son
sonne'                        son
sonne'e                       son
sonne'es                      son
sonner                        son
sonnera                       son
sonne`rent                    son
sonneries                     sonner
sonneront                     son
sonne's                       son
sonnet                        sonnet
sonnets                       sonnet
sonnette                      sonnet
sonnettes                     sonnet
sonneurs                      sonneur
sonore                        sonor
sonores                       sonor
sons                          son
sont                          sont
sorbonne                      sorbon
sorcier                       sorci
sordide                       sordid
sorel                         sorel
sorezana                      sorezan
sorgho                        sorgho
sors                          sor
sort                          sort
sortaient                     sort
sortais                       sort
sortait                       sort
sortant                       sort
sorte                         sort
sortent                       sortent
sortes                        sort
sortez                        sort
sorti                         sort
sortie                        sort
sortiez                       sort
sortir                        sort
sortira                       sort
sortirai                      sort
sortirais                     sort
sortirait                     sort
sortiras                      sort
sortirent                     sort
sortirez                      sort
sortirions                    sort
sortirons                     sort
sortis                        sort
sortit                        sort
sorti^t                       sort
sorts                         sort
sot                           sot
sots                          sot
sotte                         sott
sottement                     sott
sottes                        sott
sottise                       sottis
sottises                      sottis
sou                           sou
soubrette                     soubret
souci                         souc
soucia                        souci
souciait                      souci
soucier                       souci
soucieuse                     soucieux
soucieux                      soucieux
soucis                        souc
soudain                       soudain
soudaine                      soudain
soudainement                  soudain
souffert                      souffert
souffla                       souffl
soufflait                     souffl
soufflant                     souffl
souffle                       souffl
soufflent                     soufflent
souffler                      souffl
soufflet                      soufflet
soufflets                     soufflet
souffleur                     souffleur
souffrais                     souffr
souffrait                     souffr
souffrance                    souffranc
souffrances                   souffranc
souffrant                     souffr
souffrante                    souffr
souffre                       souffr
souffrent                     souffrent
souffres                      souffr
souffrez                      souffr
souffrir                      souffr
souffrira                     souffr
souffrirai                    souffr
souffrirais                   souffr
souffriras                    souffr
souffrissent                  souffr
souffrit                      souffr
souhait                       souh
souhaitant                    souhait
souhaite                      souhait
souhaite'                     souhait
souille'                      souill
souiller                      souill
soulage'                      soulag
soulage'e                     soulag
soulagement                   soulag
soulcy                        soulcy
souleva                       soulev
soulevait                     soulev
soulevant                     soulev
souleve'e                     soulev
souleve'es                    soulev
soule`vent                    soule`vent
soulever                      soulev
soule`verai                   soulev
soulier                       souli
souliers                      souli
soulte                        soult
soumettait                    soumet
soumettre                     soumettr
soumis                        soum
soumise                       soumis
soumises                      soumis
soumission                    soumiss
soumit                        soum
soupait                       soup
soupapes                      soupap
soupc,on                      soupc,on
soupc,onna                    soupc,on
soupc,onnaient                soupc,on
soupc,onnait                  soupc,on
soupc,onne                    soupc,on
soupc,onne'                   soupc,on
soupc,onne'e                  soupc,on
soupc,onner                   soupc,on
soupc,onne's                  soupc,on
soupc,onneux                  soupc,on
soupc,ons                     soupc,on
soupe                         soup
soupe'                        soup
souper                        soup
soupers                       souper
soupez                        soup
soupir                        soup
soupirant                     soupir
soupire                       soupir
soupirer                      soupir
souple                        soupl
souplesse                     soupless
source                        sourc
sources                       sourc
sourcil                       sourcil
sourciliers                   sourcili
sourcilla                     sourcill
sourcille'                    sourcill
sourciller                    sourcill
sourcils                      sourcil
sourd                         sourd
sourde                        sourd
souri                         sour
souriait                      souri
souriant                      souri
souriante                     souri
souriantes                    souri
sourire                       sourir
sourires                      sourir
sourit                        sour
sournois                      sournois
sournoise                     sournois
sous                          sous
soustrairais                  soustrair
soustraire                    soustrair
soustrait                     soustr
soutane                       soutan
soutenaient                   souten
soutenait                     souten
soutenant                     souten
soute`nement                  souten
soutenir                      souten
soutenu                       soutenu
soutenue                      soutenu
soutenues                     soutenu
souterrain                    souterrain
souterraines                  souterrain
soutes                        sout
south                         south
southampton                   southampton
southey                       southey
soutiennent                   soutiennent
soutiens                      soutien
soutient                      soutient
soutint                       soutint
souvenaient                   souven
souvenait                     souven
souvenant                     souven
souvenez                      souven
souvenir                      souven
souvenirs                     souvenir
souvent                       souvent
souvenus                      souvenus
souverain                     souverain
souveraine                    souverain
souverainement                souverain
souverainete'                 souverainet
souverains                    souverain
souviendra                    souviendr
souviendrez                   souviendr
souvienne                     souvien
souviennent                   souviennent
souviens                      souvien
souvient                      souvient
souvint                       souvint
soyeux                        soyeux
soyez                         soi
soyons                        soyon
spardeck                      spardeck
speak                         speak
spe'cial                      spe'cial
spe'ciale                     spe'cial
spe'cialement                 spe'cial
spe'cialite'                  spe'cial
spe'cifier                    spe'cifi
spe'cifique                   spe'cif
spectacle                     spectacl
spectacles                    spectacl
spectateur                    spectateur
spectateurs                   spectateur
spectrale                     spectral
spectre                       spectr
spe'culation                  spe'cul
spe'culations                 spe'cul
speedy                        speedy
sphe`re                       spher
sphe'roi"de                   sphe'roi"d
spielberg                     spielberg
spirale                       spiral
spirales                      spiral
spirituel                     spirituel
spirituelle                   spirituel
spirituelles                  spirituel
splendide                     splendid
splendides                    splendid
spring                        spring
squares                       squar
squelette                     squelet
st                            st
stae"l                        stae"l
stalles                       stall
stamp                         stamp
standard                      standard
stanislas                     stanisl
star                          star
starke                        stark
station                       station
stationnera                   station
stationne's                   station
stations                      station
statuaire                     statuair
statue                        statu
statues                       statu
stature                       statur
staub                         staub
steam                         steam
steamboats                    steamboat
steamer                       steam
steamers                      steamer
steccata                      steccat
stefano                       stefano
stentor                       stentor
stephenson                    stephenson
sterling                      sterling
sterne                        stern
steward                       steward
stigmates                     stigmat
stigmatiser                   stigmatis
still                         still
stimuler                      stimul
stolen                        stolen
strabon                       strabon
stramonium                    stramonium
strand                        strand
strasbourg                    strasbourg
stratage`me                   stratagem
straw                         straw
street                        street
strict                        strict
stricte                       strict
strictement                   strict
strombeck                     strombeck
strongest                     strongest
strychnine                    strychnin
stuart                        stuart
studbook                      studbook
stupe'faction                 stupe'fact
stupe'fait                    stupef
stupe'fiante                  stupe'fi
stupefie                      stupef
stupe'fie                     stupef
stupe'fie'                    stupe'fi
stupe'fier                    stupe'fi
stupeur                       stupeur
stupide                       stupid
stupides                      stupid
style                         styl
style'                        styl
style's                       styl
su                            su
suave                         suav
subalterne                    subaltern
subalternes                   subaltern
subi                          sub
subir                         sub
subira                        sub
subirait                      sub
subis                         sub
subissant                     sub
subit                         sub
subite                        subit
subitement                    subit
subjugue                      subjugu
subjugue'                     subjugu
subjuguer                     subjugu
sublime                       sublim
sublimes                      sublim
sublimite'                    sublim
submerge                      submerg
submerge'                     submerg
submerge`rent                 submerg
subordonne's                  subordon
suborner                      suborn
subsistance                   subsist
subsiste                      subsist
subsistent                    subsistent
substance                     substanc
substitue'                    substitu
substitue'e                   substitu
substitue'es                  substitu
substituer                    substitu
substitut                     substitut
subtilite'                    subtil
subvention                    subvent
succe'da                      succed
succe'daient                  succed
succe'dait                    succed
succe`de                      succed
succe'de'                     succed
succe'der                     succed
succe'de`rent                 succed
succe`s                       succes
successeur                    successeur
successeurs                   successeur
successifs                    success
succession                    success
successive                    success
successivement                success
successives                   success
successor                     successor
succombant                    succomb
succombe'                     succomb
succombent                    succombent
succomber                     succomb
succulentes                   succulent
succulents                    succulent
such                          such
suchet                        suchet
sucre                         sucr
sucreries                     sucrer
sud                           sud
sue'dois                      sue'dois
sueur                         sueur
suez                          su
suffers                       suffer
suffi                         suff
suffira                       suff
suffiraient                   suff
suffirait                     suff
suffire                       suffir
suffirent                     suff
suffiront                     suff
suffisaient                   suffis
suffisait                     suffis
suffisamment                  suffis
suffisance                    suffis
suffisant                     suffis
suffisante                    suffis
suffisantes                   suffis
suffisent                     suffisent
suffit                        suff
suffocations                  suffoc
suffoqua                      suffoqu
suffoque'                     suffoqu
suffoquerait                  suffoqu
sugge'ra                      sugger
sugge're'                     sugger
sugge're'e                    sugger
sugge'rer                     sugger
suicide                       suicid
suie                          sui
suis                          suis
suisse                        suiss
suisses                       suiss
suit                          suit
suite                         suit
suites                        suit
suivaient                     suiv
suivais                       suiv
suivait                       suiv
suivant                       suiv
suivante                      suiv
suivantes                     suiv
suivants                      suiv
suivent                       suivent
suivez                        suiv
suivi                         suiv
suivie                        suiv
suivies                       suiv
suiviez                       suiv
suivirent                     suiv
suivis                        suiv
suivit                        suiv
suivons                       suivon
suivra                        suivr
suivrai                       suivr
suivraient                    suivr
suivras                       suivr
suivre                        suivr
suivront                      suivront
sujet                         sujet
sujets                        sujet
sujette                       sujet
sujettes                      sujet
sullivan                      sullivan
sultan                        sultan
sumatra                       sumatr
sun                           sun
superbe                       superb
superbes                      superb
superficie                    superfic
superficiel                   superficiel
superflu                      superflu
supe'rieur                    supe'rieur
supe'rieure                   supe'rieur
supe'rieurement               supe'rieur
supe'rieures                  supe'rieur
supe'rieurs                   supe'rieur
supe'riorite'                 supe'rior
supple'e'                     supple'
supple'ment                   suppl
supple'mentaire               supple'mentair
supplia                       suppli
suppliaient                   suppli
suppliait                     suppli
suppliant                     suppli
suppliante                    suppli
supplications                 suppliqu
supplice                      supplic
supplices                     supplic
supplie                       suppl
supplier                      suppli
suppliez                      suppl
supportable                   support
supportait                    support
supportent                    supportent
supporter                     support
supporterait                  support
supposait                     suppos
supposant                     suppos
suppose                       suppos
suppose'                      suppos
suppose'e                     suppos
supposer                      suppos
suppose's                     suppos
supposez                      suppos
supposition                   supposit
suppositions                  supposit
supposons                     supposon
suppression                   suppress
supprimant                    supprim
supprime                      supprim
supprime'                     supprim
supprime'e                    supprim
supprimer                     supprim
supprimons                    supprimon
supputait                     supput
supre^me                      supre^m
sur                           sur
su^r                          su^r
suranne'e                     surann
surate                        surat
surcharge's                   surcharg
surchauffe'e                  surchauff
surcroi^t                     surcroi^t
su^re                         su^r
sure'leve's                   sure'lev
su^rement                     su^r
surenche`re                   surencher
surent                        surent
suresnes                      suresn
su^rete'                      su^ret
surexcite'                    surexc
surface                       surfac
surgir                        surg
surgirait                     surg
surgirent                     surg
surhumain                     surhumain
surhumaine                    surhumain
surlendemain                  surlendemain
surmontant                    surmont
surmonte                      surmont
surmonte'e                    surmont
surmonte'es                   surmont
surmonter                     surmont
surnage                       surnag
surnagea                      surnag
surnageait                    surnag
surnaturelle                  surnaturel
surnom                        surnom
surnomme`rent                 surnomm
surpassa                      surpass
surpasse                      surp
surpasse'                     surpass
surpassent                    surp
surplis                       surpl
surplus                       surplus
surprenait                    surpren
surprenant                    surpren
surprend                      surprend
surprendre                    surprendr
surprirent                    surpr
surpris                       surpr
surprise                      surpris
surprises                     surpris
surprit                       surpr
surrey                        surrey
su^rs                         su^r
sursaut                       sursaut
surtout                       surtout
surve'cut                     surve'cut
surveillait                   surveil
surveillance                  surveil
surveillants                  surveil
surveille                     surveil
surveille'                    surveil
surveille'e                   surveil
surveiller                    surveil
surveillera                   surveil
survenait                     surven
survenir                      surven
survenue                      survenu
survinrent                    survinrent
survint                       survint
survit                        surv
survivant                     surviv
survivrai                     survivr
survivrais                    survivr
survivre                      survivr
survivrez                     survivr
sus                           sus
susceptible                   susceptibl
susceptibles                  susceptibl
susciter                      suscit
suscite`rent                  suscit
susdit                        susd
suspect                       suspect
suspecte                      suspect
suspecter                     suspect
suspects                      suspect
suspendre                     suspendr
suspendu                      suspendu
suspendue                     suspendu
suspendus                     suspendus
suspens                       suspen
suspicion                     suspicion
sut                           sut
su^t                          su^t
sutpour                       sutpour
sutty                         sutty
svelte                        svelt
sweeter                       sweet
sydenham                      sydenham
sye'nites                     sye'nit
syllabe                       syllab
syllabes                      syllab
syllogisme                    syllog
symbole                       symbol
symboles                      symbol
symbolisent                   symbolisent
syme'trie                     symetr
syme'triques                  symetr
sympathie                     sympath
sympathisait                  sympathis
sympathise                    sympathis
symphonie                     symphon
sympto^me                     sympto^m
sympto^mes                    sympto^m
synagogues                    synagogu
synonyme                      synonym
synonymes                     synonym
syste`me                      system
t                             t
ta                            ta
tabac                         tabac
tabagie                       tabag
tabagies                      tabag
tabatie`re                    tabati
tabernacle                    tabernacl
table                         tabl
tableau                       tableau
tableaux                      tableau
tables                        tabl
tablette                      tablet
tablier                       tabli
tabouret                      tabouret
ta^chait                      ta^ch
ta^chant                      ta^ch
tache                         tach
ta^che                        ta^ch
tache'                        tach
tache'e                       tach
tache'es                      tach
ta^cher                       ta^ch
ta^cherai                     ta^ch
taches                        tach
tachete'e                     tachet
ta^chez                       ta^ch
ta^chons                      ta^chon
tacite                        tacit
tacites                       tacit
taciti                        tacit
taciturnes                    taciturn
tact                          tact
taffetas                      taffet
tai"koun                      tai"koun
tailla                        taill
taillanderie                  taillander
taillant                      taill
taille                        taill
taille'                       taill
taille'es                     taill
tailler                       taill
taille's                      taill
tailleur                      tailleur
taillis                       taill
taire                         tair
tais                          tais
taisaient                     tais
taisait                       tais
taisant                       tais
taisez                        tais
tait                          tait
takes                         tak
talent                        talent
talents                       talent
talleyrand                    talleyrand
talma                         talm
taloches                      taloch
talons                        talon
talus                         talus
tam                           tam
tamarins                      tamarin
tambour                       tambour
tambourins                    tambourin
tambours                      tambour
tams                          tam
tanari                        tanar
tanbeau                       tanbeau
tancre`de                     tancred
tandis                        tand
tangage                       tangag
tangles                       tangl
tankade`re                    tankader
tankardere                    tankarder
tankarde`re                   tankarder
tankas                        tank
tannah                        tannah
tanquam                       tanquam
tant                          tant
tante                         tant
tantes                        tant
tanto^t                       tanto^t
tanzi                         tanz
tapage                        tapag
tape'                         tap
tapis                         tap
tapisse'e                     tapiss
tapisserie                    tapisser
tapissier                     tapissi
tapissiers                    tapissi
tapty                         tapty
tard                          tard
tarda                         tard
tardaient                     tard
tardait                       tard
tarde                         tard
tarde'                        tard
tarder                        tard
tarderait                     tard
tarde`rent                    tard
tardive                       tardiv
tare's                        tar
taries                        tar
tarirent                      tar
tarissait                     tar
tarit                         tar
tarots                        tarot
tarragone                     tarragon
tartines                      tartin
tartufe                       tartuf
tas                           tas
tasse                         tass
tasses                        tass
ta^tonnent                    ta^tonnent
taudis                        taud
taureaux                      taureau
taverne                       tavern
taxes                         tax
taxis                         tax
te                            te
tea                           te
tecks                         teck
teindre                       teindr
teint                         teint
teinte                        teint
teintes                       teint
tel                           tel
telegraph                     telegraph
te'le'graphe                  te'le'graph
te'le'graphie'                te'le'graphi
te'le'graphique               te'le'graph
te'le'graphiques              te'le'graph
te'le'maque                   te'le'maqu
te'lescope                    te'lescop
te'lescopes                   te'lescop
telle                         tel
tellement                     tel
telles                        tel
tels                          tel
te'me'raire                   te'me'rair
te'me'rite'                   te'mer
te'moignage                   te'moignag
te'moignaient                 te'moign
te'moignait                   te'moign
temoigne                      temoign
te'moigne                     te'moign
te'moigne'                    te'moign
te'moigner                    te'moign
te'moigneront                 te'moign
te'moigniez                   te'moign
te'moin                       te'moin
te'moins                      te'moin
tempe                         temp
tempe'rait                    temper
tempe'rament                  temper
tempe'rature                  tempe'ratur
tempe're'e                    temper
tempes                        temp
tempest                       tempest
tempe^te                      tempe^t
temple                        templ
temples                       templ
temps                         temp
tenable                       tenabl
te'nacite'                    te'nac
tenaient                      ten
tenais                        ten
tenait                        ten
tenant                        ten
tenante                       ten
tend                          tend
tendaient                     tend
tendait                       tend
tendance                      tendanc
tendent                       tendent
tender                        tend
tendit                        tend
tendre                        tendr
tendrement                    tendr
tendres                       tendr
tendresse                     tendress
tendresses                    tendress
tendu                         tendu
tendue                        tendu
tendues                       tendu
tendus                        tendus
tenerani                      teneran
tenere                        tener
teneur                        teneur
tenez                         ten
tenir                         ten
tenons                        tenon
te'nor                        te'nor
tenta                         tent
tentait                       tent
tentation                     tentat
tentations                    tentat
tentative                     tentat
tentatives                    tentat
tente                         tent
tente'                        tent
tenter                        tent
tenteras                      tent
tentez                        tent
tentures                      tentur
tenu                          tenu
tenue                         tenu
tenues                        tenu
tenus                         tenus
terme                         term
termes                        term
termina                       termin
terminaient                   termin
terminait                     termin
termine                       termin
termine'                      termin
termine'e                     termin
termine'es                    termin
terminer                      termin
terminera                     termin
termine`rent                  termin
ternir                        tern
terrain                       terrain
terrains                      terrain
terrasse                      terr
terrasse'                     terrass
terrasses                     terr
terrassiers                   terrassi
terre                         terr
terres                        terr
terrestre                     terrestr
terrestres                    terrestr
terreur                       terreur
terreurs                      terreur
terrible                      terribl
terriblement                  terribl
terribles                     terribl
territoire                    territoir
tertio                        tertio
tertre                        tertr
terzo                         terzo
tes                           te
testa                         test
testament                     test
te^te                         te^t
te^tes                        te^t
teulier                       teuli
texte                         text
textuellement                 textuel
thaler                        thal
that                          that
the                           the
the'                          the'
the'a^tral                    the'a^tral
the'a^tre                     the'a^tr
the'a^tres                    the'a^tr
theft                         theft
the`me                        them
the`mes                       them
the'mistocle                  the'mistocl
then                          then
the'odolinde                  the'odolind
the'ologie                    the'olog
the'ologien                   the'ologien
the'orie                      the'or
the'ories                     the'or
the'oriquement                the'oriqu
there                         ther
the're`se                     the'res
thermome`tre                  thermometr
the'se'e                      thes
thing                         thing
this                          this
thomas                        thom
though                        though
thousands                     thousand
thrilling                     thrilling
thugs                         thug
tibe`re                       tiber
tibi                          tib
tien                          tien
tiendra                       tiendr
tiendrait                     tiendr
tiendras                      tiendr
tiendrez                      tiendr
tiendront                     tiendront
tienne                        tien
tiennent                      tiennent
tiens                         tien
tient                         tient
tierce                        tierc
tiers                         tier
tige                          tig
tiges                         tig
tigre                         tigr
tigres                        tigr
tilbury                       tilbury
tilburys                      tilbury
tilleul                       tilleul
tilleuls                      tilleul
timbre                        timbr
timbre'e                      timbr
timbre'es                     timbr
timbres                       timbr
time                          tim
times                         tim
timide                        timid
timidement                    timid
timides                       timid
timidite'                     timid
timore'e                      timor
tingou                        tingou
tinrent                       tinrent
tinssent                      tinssent
tint                          tint
ti^nt                         ti^nt
tintamarre                    tintamarr
tinte                         tint
tira                          tir
tirade                        tirad
tirades                       tirad
tirage                        tirag
tiraient                      tir
tiraille'                     tiraill
tirailler                     tiraill
tirait                        tir
tirant                        tir
tira^t                        tir
tire                          tir
tire'                         tir
tire'e                        tir
tirent                        tirent
tirer                         tir
tirera                        tir
tireraient                    tir
tirerais                      tir
tirerait                      tir
tire`rent                     tir
tirerez                       tir
tire's                        tir
tirez                         tir
tiroir                        tiroir
tissu                         tissu
tissue                        tissu
tite                          tit
titre                         titr
titres                        titr
titubant                      titub
titulaire                     titulair
to                            to
together                      togeth
toi                           toi
toile                         toil
toiles                        toil
toilette                      toilet
toilettes                     toilet
toisait                       tois
toisant                       tois
toises                        tois
toison                        toison
toit                          toit
toits                         toit
toiture                       toitur
tole`de                       toled
tole`rent                     tol
tole'rer                      toler
tolly                         tolly
tomba                         tomb
tombaient                     tomb
tombait                       tomb
tombant                       tomb
tombante                      tomb
tombassent                    tomb
tomba^t                       tomb
tombe                         tomb
tombe'                        tomb
tombeau                       tombeau
tombeaux                      tombeau
tombe'e                       tomb
tombent                       tombent
tomber                        tomb
tomberai                      tomb
tomberaient                   tomb
tomberais                     tomb
tombe`rent                    tomb
tomberont                     tomb
tombe's                       tomb
tombez                        tomb
tombone                       tombon
tome                          tom
tomes                         tom
ton                           ton
tonalite's                    tonal
tondre                        tondr
tonnage                       tonnag
tonnaient                     ton
tonnante                      ton
tonne                         ton
tonneaux                      tonneau
tonnelier                     tonneli
tonnerre                      tonnerr
tonnerres                     tonnerr
tonnes                        ton
tonte                         tont
too                           too
toque                         toqu
torche                        torch
torches                       torch
torchon                       torchon
tordait                       tord
tordant                       tord
tordit                        tord
tordre                        tordr
tords                         tord
torpeur                       torpeur
torrent                       torrent
torrents                      torrent
torsade                       torsad
torses                        tors
tort                          tort
torto                         torto
tortoni                       torton
torts                         tort
tortue                        tortu
tortues                       tortu
tortura                       tortur
torturait                     tortur
torture                       tortur
torture'                      tortur
torturer                      tortur
tortures                      tortur
toscane                       toscan
to^t                          to^t
total                         total
totale                        total
totalement                    total
toto                          toto
toucha                        touch
touchaient                    touch
touchais                      touch
touchait                      touch
touchant                      touch
touchante                     touch
touchantes                    touch
touchants                     touch
toucha^t                      touch
touche                        touch
touche'                       touch
touche'e                      touch
toucher                       touch
touchera                      touch
toucherez                     touch
toucheront                    touch
touches                       touch
touche's                      touch
touffe                        touff
touffes                       touff
touffu                        touffu
touffus                       touffus
toujours                      toujour
toulouse                      toulous
toupie                        toup
toupies                       toup
tour                          tour
tourbillon                    tourbillon
tourbillonnait                tourbillon
tourbillons                   tourbillon
touriste                      tourist
tourment                      tourment
tourmentait                   tourment
tourmente                     tourment
tourmente'                    tourment
tourmente'e                   tourment
tourmente's                   tourment
tourmentin                    tourmentin
tourments                     tourment
tourna                        tourn
tournai                       tourn
tournaient                    tourn
tournait                      tourn
tournant                      tourn
tournante                     tourn
tournantes                    tourn
tourne                        tourn
tourne'                       tourn
tourne'e                      tourn
tourne'es                     tourn
tournent                      tournent
tourner                       tourn
tournera                      tourn
tourne`rent                   tourn
tourniquets                   tourniquet
tournoyant                    tournoi
tournure                      tournur
tournures                     tournur
tours                         tour
tous                          tous
toussa                        touss
tousser                       touss
tout                          tout
toute                         tout
toutefois                     toutefois
toutes                        tout
tr                            tr
trac                          trac
trac,ait                      trac
tracasse                      trac
tracasserie                   tracasser
tracasseries                  tracasser
trace                         trac
trace'                        trac
trace'e                       trac
trace'es                      trac
tracer                        trac
traces                        trac
trace's                       trac
traction                      traction
tradition                     tradit
traduction                    traduct
traduire                      traduir
traduis                       traduis
traduit                       traduit
traduite                      traduit
traduites                     traduit
trage'die                     traged
tragique                      tragiqu
tragiques                     tragiqu
trahi                         trah
trahie                        trah
trahies                       trah
trahir                        trah
trahira                       trah
trahirais                     trah
trahirait                     trah
trahiriez                     trah
trahiront                     trah
trahis                        trah
trahison                      trahison
trahissaient                  trah
trahissait                    trah
trahissant                    trah
trahisse                      trah
trahissez                     trah
trahit                        trah
trahi^t                       trah
train                         train
trai^naient                   trai^n
trai^nait                     trai^n
trai^nante                    trai^n
trai^nard                     trai^nard
trai^ne'                      trai^n
trai^neau                     trai^neau
trai^neaux                    trai^neau
trai^ne'e                     trai^n
trai^ne'es                    trai^n
trai^ner                      trai^n
trains                        train
trait                         trait
traita                        trait
traitait                      trait
traitant                      trait
traita^t                      trait
traite                        trait
traite'                       trait
traite'e                      trait
traitement                    trait
traitent                      traitent
traiter                       trait
traitera                      trait
traite`rent                   trait
traite's                      trait
traitez                       trait
trai^tre                      trai^tr
trai^treusement               trai^treux
traits                        trait
trajectoires                  trajectoir
trajet                        trajet
trame                         tram
tramezzina                    tramezzin
tramways                      tramway
tranchait                     tranch
tranchant                     tranch
tranchants                    tranch
tranche                       tranch
tranche'e                     tranch
tranche'es                    tranch
tranches                      tranch
tranche's                     tranch
tranquille                    tranquill
tranquillement                tranquill
tranquilles                   tranquill
tranquillise                  tranquillis
tranquillise'e                tranquillis
tranquilliserait              tranquillis
tranquillisez                 tranquillis
tranquillite'                 tranquill
transaction                   transact
transactions                  transact
transatlantique               transatlant
transatlantiques              transatlant
transcrire                    transcrir
transcrit                     transcr
transcrivait                  transcriv
transcrivant                  transcriv
transcrivit                   transcriv
transes                       trans
transfe`rement                transfer
transfe'rer                   transfer
transfigure                   transfigur
transforma                    transform
transformant                  transform
transforme'                   transform
transforme'e                  transform
transforment                  transforment
transformer                   transform
transforme's                  transform
transfuge                     transfug
transgression                 transgress
transie                       trans
transiger                     transig
transire                      transir
transit                       trans
transmettre                   transmettr
transmise                     transmis
transmissible                 transmissibl
transmit                      transm
transoce'anienne              transoce'anien
transoce'aniennes             transoce'anien
transparents                  transparent
transport                     transport
transporta                    transport
transportait                  transport
transporta^t                  transport
transporte'                   transport
transporte'e                  transport
transporter                   transport
transports                    transport
transversale                  transversal
trapp                         trapp
trappe                        trapp
trappes                       trapp
trappiste                     trappist
trapues                       trapu
traque'                       traqu
trattamento                   trattamento
trattoria                     trattori
travail                       travail
travailla                     travaill
travaillaient                 travaill
travaillait                   travaill
travaille                     travaill
travaille'                    travaill
travailler                    travaill
travailleurs                  travailleur
travaux                       traval
travers                       traver
traversa                      travers
traversaient                  travers
traversait                    travers
traversant                    travers
traverse                      travers
traverse'                     travers
traversee                     traverse
traverse'e                    travers
traverse'es                   travers
traversent                    traversent
traverser                     travers
traverserai                   travers
traverse`rent                 travers
traverse's                    travers
traversez                     travers
tre'buchant                   tre'buch
tredici                       tredic
treize                        treiz
treizie`me                    treiziem
trembla                       trembl
tremblaient                   trembl
tremblais                     trembl
tremblait                     trembl
tremblant                     trembl
tremblante                    trembl
tremblantes                   trembl
tremble                       trembl
tremble'                      trembl
tremblement                   trembl
trembler                      trembl
tremblera                     trembl
tremblerai                    trembl
trembleront                   trembl
tremblez                      trembl
trempe                        tremp
trempe'                       tremp
tremper                       tremp
tremplin                      tremplin
tremulously                   tremulously
trentaine                     trentain
trente                        trent
tre'pas                       trep
tres                          tre
tre`s                         tres
tre'sor                       tre'sor
tre'sors                      tre'sor
tressailli                    tressaill
tressaillir                   tressaill
tressaillit                   tressaill
tresse                        tress
tresse'                       tress
tre^ve                        tre^v
tre'vise                      tre'vis
triangle                      triangl
triangulaire                  triangulair
tribu                         tribu
tribun                        tribun
tribunal                      tribunal
tribunaux                     tribunal
tribune                       tribun
tributaires                   tributair
tric                          tric
tricolore                     tricolor
trinquette                    trinquet
trio                          trio
triompha                      triomph
triomphait                    triomph
triomphale                    triomphal
triomphant                    triomph
triomphante                   triomph
triomphe                      triomph
triomphe'                     triomph
triomphent                    triomphent
triompher                     triomph
triomphera                    triomph
triompherait                  triomph
triompheront                  triomph
triomphes                     triomph
triple                        tripl
triple'                       tripl
triste                        trist
tristement                    trist
tristes                       trist
tristesse                     tristess
tristesses                    tristess
triumvirat                    triumvirat
triviale                      trivial
trois                         trois
troisie`me                    troisiem
troisie`mes                   troisiem
trombe                        tromb
trompa                        tromp
trompaient                    tromp
trompait                      tromp
trompant                      tromp
trompe                        tromp
trompe'                       tromp
trompe'e                      tromp
tromper                       tromp
tromperai                     tromp
tromperais                    tromp
trompes                       tromp
trompe's                      tromp
trompez                       tromp
tronc                         tronc
tronc,on                      tronc,on
troncs                        tronc
tro^ne                        tro^n
trop                          trop
trophe'e                      troph
tropicale                     tropical
tropicales                    tropical
tropique                      tropiqu
tropiques                     tropiqu
troppo                        troppo
trot                          trot
trottait                      trott
trotter                       trott
trottoir                      trottoir
trottoirs                     trottoir
trou                          trou
troubla                       troubl
troublaient                   troubl
troublait                     troubl
troublant                     troubl
trouble                       troubl
trouble'                      troubl
trouble'e                     troubl
trouble'es                    troubl
troubler                      troubl
troublera                     troubl
trouble`rent                  troubl
troubleront                   troubl
troubles                      troubl
trouble's                     troubl
troublez                      troubl
troupe                        troup
troupeau                      troupeau
troupes                       troup
troupiers                     troupi
trous                         trous
trousses                      trouss
trouva                        trouv
trouvai                       trouv
trouvaient                    trouv
trouvais                      trouv
trouvait                      trouv
trouvant                      trouv
trouva^t                      trouv
trouve                        trouv
trouve'                       trouv
trouve'e                      trouv
trouve'es                     trouv
trouvent                      trouvent
trouver                       trouv
trouvera                      trouv
trouverai                     trouv
trouveraient                  trouv
trouverais                    trouv
trouverait                    trouv
trouveras                     trouv
trouve`rent                   trouv
trouverez                     trouv
trouveriez                    trouv
trouverions                   trouv
trouverons                    trouv
trouveront                    trouv
trouves                       trouv
trouve's                      trouv
trouvez                       trouv
trouvons                      trouvon
truites                       truit
trunk                         trunk
tu                            tu
tua                           tu
tuais                         tu
tuait                         tu
tuant                         tu
tudieu                        tudieu
tue                           tu
tue'                          tu
tue'e                         tu
tuent                         tuent
tuer                          tu
tuera                         tu
tuerai                        tu
tuerais                       tu
tuerait                       tu
tue's                         tu
tuez                          tu
tuileries                     tuiler
tuiles                        tuil
tuilla                        tuill
tumulte                       tumult
tumultueuse                   tumultu
tunique                       tuniqu
tunnel                        tunnel
tunnels                       tunnel
turban                        turban
turbans                       turban
turin                         turin
turn                          turn
turpitude                     turpitud
tussaud                       tussaud
tut                           tut
tutoie                        tutoi
tutoiement                    tutoi
tutoyait                      tutoi
tutoyer                       tutoi
tutti                         tutt
tutto                         tutto
tuyau                         tuyau
tuyaux                        tuyal
twas^a                        twas^
twelfth                       twelfth
two                           two
tympaniser                    tympanis
type                          typ
types                         typ
typhon                        typhon
tyran                         tyran
tyrannie                      tyrann
tyrannisait                   tyrannis
tyrans                        tyran
uc,af                         uc,af
uddaul                        uddaul
ultimatum                     ultimatum
ultra                         ultra
ultras                        ultras
ulysse                        ulyss
un                            un
unam                          unam
unanime                       unanim
unanimement                   unanim
uncertain                     uncertain
une                           une
unes                          une
uni                           uni
unie                          uni
unie`me                       uniem
unies                         uni
uniforme                      uniform
uniformes                     uniform
union                         union
unique                        uniqu
uniquement                    uniqu
unis                          unis
unissaient                    uniss
unissait                      uniss
unissez                       uniss
univers                       univer
universel                     universel
universelle                   universel
uns                           un
uranus                        uranus
urbanite'                     urban
urne                          urne
usa                           usa
usage                         usag
usages                        usag
usant                         usant
use                           use
use'                          use'
user                          user
usine                         usin
ustensile                     ustensil
usure                         usur
usuriers                      usuri
usurpateur                    usurp
usurpations                   usurp
usurpe                        usurp
usurpe'                       usurp
usurpe'es                     usurp
usurpe's                      usurp
utah                          utah
utile                         util
utiles                        util
utilisaient                   utilis
utiliser                      utilis
utilite'                      util
uzeri                         uzer
uze`s                         uzes
v                             v
va                            va
vacances                      vacanc
vacant                        vac
vacante                       vac
vacarme                       vacarm
vache                         vach
vacillais                     vacill
vagabond                      vagabond
vagabonde                     vagabond
vague                         vagu
vaguement                     vagu
vagues                        vagu
vaille                        vaill
vain                          vain
vaincre                       vaincr
vaincu                        vaincu
vaincue                       vaincu
vaincus                       vaincus
vaine                         vain
vainement                     vain
vaines                        vain
vainqueur                     vainqueur
vains                         vain
vais                          vais
vaisseau                      vaisseau
valable                       valabl
valables                      valabl
valaient                      val
valait                        val
valant                        val
vale                          val
valenod                       valenod
valent                        valent
vale`re                       valer
valet                         valet
valets                        valet
valeur                        valeur
vallee                        valle
valle'e                       vall
valle'es                      vall
valoir                        valoir
valois                        valois
valserra                      valserr
valu                          valu
valurent                      valurent
valut                         valut
vandalisme                    vandal
vane                          van
vaneau                        vaneau
vanite'                       vanit
vaniteuse                     vanit
vaniteux                      vanit
vanta                         vant
vantait                       vant
vante'                        vant
vantent                       vantent
vanter                        vant
vanvitelli                    vanvitel
vapeur                        vapeur
vapeurs                       vapeur
vare`se                       vares
variaient                     vari
varie                         var
varie'                        vari
varie'te's                    variet
vas                           vas
vase                          vas
vases                         vas
vasi                          vas
vasistas                      vasist
vaste                         vast
vastes                        vast
vau                           vau
vaudeville                    vaudevill
vaudra                        vaudr
vaudrait                      vaudr
vaudront                      vaudront
vaurien                       vaurien
vaut                          vaut
vaux                          vaux
ve'cu                         ve'cu
ve'curent                     ve'curent
ve'cut                        ve'cut
ve'cu^t                       ve'cu^t
vedette                       vedet
vega                          veg
ve'ge'taient                  ve'get
ve'ge'ter                     ve'get
ve'he'mence                   ve'he'ment
ve'he'ment                    veh
ve'hicule                     ve'hicul
ve'hicule'                    ve'hicul
ve'hicules                    ve'hicul
veilla                        veil
veillaient                    veil
veillait                      veil
veilla^t                      veil
veille                        veil
veille'                       veil
veillent                      veillent
veiller                       veil
veillerons                    veil
veilles                       veil
veilleuse                     veilleux
veine                         vein
veines                        vein
velle'ite'                    velle'it
velle'ite's                   velle'it
velleja                       vellej
velours                       velour
ve'ly                         ve'ly
venaient                      ven
venait                        ven
ve'nales                      ve'nal
ve'nalite'                    ve'nal
venant                        ven
venceslas                     vencesl
vend                          vend
vendait                       vend
vendant                       vend
vende'e                       vend
vendent                       vendent
vendeur                       vendeur
vendeurs                      vendeur
vendit                        vend
vendrai                       vendr
vendrais                      vendr
vendrait                      vendr
vendre                        vendr
vendredi                      vendred
vendredis                     vendred
vendront                      vendront
vends                         vend
vendu                         vendu
vendue                        vendu
vendus                        vendus
ve'ne'rable                   ve'ner
ve'ne'rables                  ve'ner
ve'ne'ration                  ve'ner
ve'ne`re                      ve'ner
ve'ne're'es                   ve'ner
ve'ne'rer                     ve'ner
venette                       venet
venez                         ven
venge                         veng
venge'                        veng
vengea                        veng
vengeait                      veng
vengeance                     vengeanc
venge'e                       veng
vengent                       vengent
venger                        veng
vengera                       veng
vengerai                      veng
veniez                        ven
venin                         venin
venir                         ven
venise                        venis
ve'nitien                     ve'nitien
ve'nitiens                    ve'nitien
venons                        venon
vent                          vent
vente                         vent
ventes                        vent
ventre                        ventr
vents                         vent
venu                          venu
venue                         venu
venues                        venu
venus                         venus
ve'randas                     ve'rand
verbal                        verbal
verbe                         verb
verda^tres                    verda^tr
verdict                       verdict
verdoyantes                   verdoi
verdoyants                    verdoi
verdure                       verdur
verger                        verg
vergogne                      vergogn
vergues                       vergu
vergy                         vergy
ve'ridiques                   ve'rid
ve'rifia                      ve'rifi
ve'rification                 ve'rif
ve'rifie'                     ve'rifi
ve'rifier                     ve'rifi
ve'ritable                    ve'rit
ve'ritablement                ve'rit
ve'ritables                   ve'rit
ve'rite'                      ve'rit
ve'rite's                     ve'rit
vermeilles                    vermeil
vermont                       vermont
vermoulu                      vermoulu
vermoulue                     vermoulu
verna                         vern
vernaye                       vernay
verne                         vern
vernes                        vern
verni                         vern
vernis                        vern
ve'role                       ve'rol
verona                        veron
ve'rone                       ve'ron
verra                         verr
verrai                        verr
verraient                     verr
verrais                       verr
verrait                       verr
verras                        verr
verre                         verr
verres                        verr
verrez                        verr
verrie`res                    verri
verrons                       verron
verront                       verront
verrou                        verrou
verrous                       verrous
verruqueux                    verruqu
vers                          ver
versa                         vers
versailles                    versaill
versait                       vers
versant                       vers
versants                      vers
verse                         vers
verser                        vers
versets                       verset
vert                          vert
verte                         vert
vertement                     vert
vertes                        vert
vertical                      vertical
verticale                     vertical
verticalement                 vertical
verts                         vert
vertu                         vertu
vertueuse                     vertueux
vertueuses                    vertueux
vertueux                      vertueux
vertus                        vertus
verve                         verv
very                          very
vespasien                     vespasien
vesper                        vesp
veste                         vest
vestes                        vest
vestibule                     vestibul
vestige                       vestig
ve'suve                       ve'suv
ve^tement                     ve^t
ve^tements                    ve^t
ve^tent                       ve^tent
ve'tille                      ve'till
vetturini                     vetturin
vetturino                     vetturino
ve^tu                         ve^tu
ve^tue                        ve^tu
ve^tues                       ve^tu
ve^tus                        ve^tus
veuf                          veuf
veuille                       veuill
veuillez                      veuill
veuilliez                     veuill
veulent                       veulent
veut                          veut
veuvage                       veuvag
veuve                         veuv
veuves                        veuv
veux                          veux
vexait                        vex
vexantes                      vex
vexations                     vexat
vexe'                         vex
vexer                         vex
vexe's                        vex
vi                            vi
via                           vi
viaducs                       viaduc
viage`re                      viager
viande                        viand
viandes                       viand
viatique                      viatiqu
vibrations                    vibrat
vicaire                       vicair
vicaires                      vicair
vice                          vic
vices                         vic
vicieux                       vicieux
vicissitudes                  vicissitud
vico                          vico
vicolo                        vicolo
vicomte                       vicomt
vicomtes                      vicomt
victime                       victim
victimes                      victim
victoire                      victoir
victoires                     victoir
victor                        victor
victoria                      victori
victorieuse                   victori
vicvacarma                    vicvacarm
vida                          vid
vidaient                      vid
vidant                        vid
vide                          vid
vide'es                       vid
vider                         vid
vides                         vid
videz                         vid
vie                           vi
vieil                         vieil
vieillard                     vieillard
vieillards                    vieillard
vieille                       vieil
vieilles                      vieil
vieillesse                    vieilless
vieillie                      vieil
vieillir                      vieil
vieillit                      vieil
viendra                       viendr
viendrai                      viendr
viendraient                   viendr
viendrait                     viendr
viendras                      viendr
vienne                        vien
viennent                      viennent
viennes                       vien
viens                         vien
vient                         vient
vierge                        vierg
vies                          vi
vieux                         vieux
views                         view
vif                           vif
vifs                          vif
vigano                        vigano
vigilante                     vigil
vignano                       vignano
vigne                         vign
vigoureuse                    vigour
vigoureusement                vigour
vigoureuses                   vigour
vigoureux                     vigour
vigueur                       vigueur
viharis                       vihar
vii                           vii
viii                          vii
vil                           vil
vilain                        vilain
vilaine                       vilain
vilaines                      vilain
vilains                       vilain
vile                          vil
vilenie                       vilen
vilipende'                    vilipend
vilipende'e                   vilipend
villa                         vill
village                       villag
villages                      villag
ville                         vill
villequier                    villequi
villes                        vill
vils                          vil
vi^mes                        vi^m
vin                           vin
vinci                         vinc
vindhias                      vindhi
vindicatif                    vindiqu
vindicative                   vindiqu
vingt                         vingt
vingtaine                     vingtain
vingtie`me                    vingtiem
vingts                        vingt
vinrent                       vinrent
vins                          vin
vinsse                        vinss
vint                          vint
vi^nt                         vi^nt
viole                         viol
viole'                        viol
violemment                    violent
violence                      violenc
violent                       violent
violentant                    violent
violente                      violent
violente'                     violent
violentes                     violent
violents                      violent
violer                        viol
violes                        viol
violets                       violet
violette                      violet
violettes                     violet
violiers                      violi
violon                        violon
vipe`re                       viper
virago                        virago
virent                        virent
virgile                       virgil
virtue                        virtu
virtuose                      virtuos
vis                           vis
visa                          vis
visage                        visag
visages                       visag
visas                         vis
visconti                      viscont
vise'                         vis
visent                        visent
viser                         vis
viserez                       vis
visible                       visibl
visiblement                   visibl
visibles                      visibl
vision                        vision
visions                       vision
visita                        visit
visitation                    visit
visite                        visit
visite'                       visit
visite'es                     visit
visiter                       visit
visitera                      visit
visites                       visit
viso                          viso
visons                        vison
visu                          visu
vit                           vit
vi^t                          vi^t
vite                          vit
vitesse                       vitess
vitesses                      vitess
vitraux                       vitral
vitre                         vitr
vitres                        vitr
viva                          viv
vivacite'                     vivac
vivaient                      viv
vivais                        viv
vivait                        viv
vivandie`re                   vivandi
vivandie`res                  vivandi
vivant                        viv
vivante                       viv
vivants                       viv
vive                          viv
vivement                      viv
vivent                        vivent
vives                         viv
vivez                         viv
vivons                        vivon
vivoter                       vivot
vivra                         vivr
vivrai                        vivr
vivrait                       vivr
vivre                         vivr
vivres                        vivr
vivrez                        vivr
vivrions                      vivrion
vivrons                       vivron
vivront                       vivront
vocation                      vocat
vocife'rations                vocifer
voeu                          voeu
voeux                         voeux
voguer                        vogu
voi                           voi
voici                         voic
voie                          voi
voient                        voient
voies                         voi
voila`                        voila`
voile                         voil
voile'                        voil
voile'e                       voil
voile'es                      voil
voiles                        voil
voile's                       voil
voilure                       voilur
voir                          voir
vois                          vois
voisin                        voisin
voisinage                     voisinag
voisine                       voisin
voisines                      voisin
voisins                       voisin
voit                          voit
voiture                       voitur
voitures                      voitur
voix                          voix
vol                           vol
volaient                      vol
volaille                      volaill
volait                        vol
volant                        vol
volants                       vol
volatiles                     volatil
volcan                        volcan
vole                          vol
vole'                         vol
vole'e                        vol
vole'es                       vol
volent                        volent
voler                         vol
volera                        vol
volerai                       vol
volerait                      vol
vole's                        vol
volet                         volet
volets                        volet
voleur                        voleur
voleurs                       voleur
volez                         vol
volie`re                      voli
volontaire                    volontair
volontairement                volontair
volontaires                   volontair
volonte'                      volont
volonte's                     volont
volontiers                    volonti
vols                          vol
voltaire                      voltair
voltige                       voltig
voltigeant                    voltig
voltiger                      voltig
voltigeur                     voltigeur
volubilite'                   volubil
volume                        volum
volumes                       volum
volupte'                      volupt
volupte's                     volupt
voluptueuse                   voluptu
voluptueusement               voluptu
voluptueuses                  voluptu
voluptueux                    voluptu
volutes                       volut
vomero                        vomero
vomir                         vom
vomissait                     vom
vont                          vont
voraces                       vorac
vos                           vos
votaient                      vot
votant                        vot
vote                          vot
vote'                         vot
vote'e                        vot
voter                         vot
votes                         vot
votre                         votr
vo^tre                        vo^tr
vo^tres                       vo^tr
voudra                        voudr
voudraient                    voudr
voudrais                      voudr
voudrait                      voudr
voudras                       voudr
voudrez                       voudr
voudriez                      voudr
voudrions                     voudrion
voudront                      voudront
voue'                         vou
vouent                        vouent
vouer                         vou
voue`rent                     vou
voulaient                     voul
voulais                       voul
voulait                       voul
voulant                       voul
voulez                        voul
vouliez                       voul
vouloir                       vouloir
voulons                       voulon
voulu                         voulu
voulues                       voulu
voulurent                     voulurent
voulus                        voulus
voulussent                    voulussent
voulut                        voulut
voulu^t                       voulu^t
vous                          vous
vou^te                        vou^t
vou^tes                       vou^t
voyage                        voyag
voyage'                       voyag
voyageait                     voyag
voyageant                     voyag
voyagent                      voyagent
voyageons                     voyageon
voyager                       voyag
voyages                       voyag
voyageur                      voyageur
voyageurs                     voyageur
voyageuse                     voyag
voyagez                       voyag
voyaient                      voi
voyais                        voi
voyait                        voi
voyant                        voi
voyez                         voi
voyiez                        voi
voyons                        voyon
vrai                          vrai
vraie                         vrai
vraies                        vrai
vraiment                      vrai
vrais                         vrais
vraisemblable                 vraisembl
vraisemblablement             vraisembl
vu                            vu
vue                           vu
vues                          vu
vulgaire                      vulgair
vulgairement                  vulgair
vulgaires                     vulgair
vulgarite'                    vulgar
vus                           vus
w                             w
wagon                         wagon
wagons                        wagon
wagram                        wagram
wahsatch                      wahsatch
walbah                        walbah
walter                        walt
wandering                     wandering
was                           was
washington                    washington
waterloo                      waterloo
wayne                         wayn
we                            we
weber                         web
wellington                    wellington
were                          wer
west                          west
wharf                         wharf
wharfs                        wharf
which                         which
whisky                        whisky
whisnou                       whisnou
whist                         whist
white                         whit
will                          will
william                       william
wilson                        wilson
with                          with
withdrew                      withdrew
word                          word
would                         would
wyoming                       wyoming
x                             x
xavier                        xavi
xe're`s                       xe'res
xi                            xi
xii                           xii
xiii                          xii
xiv                           xiv
xix                           xix
xv                            xv
xvi                           xvi
xvii                          xvii
xviii                         xvii
xx                            xx
xxi                           xxi
xxii                          xxii
xxiii                         xxii
xxiv                          xxiv
xxix                          xxix
xxv                           xxv
xxvi                          xxvi
xxvii                         xxvii
xxviii                        xxvii
xxx                           xxx
xxxi                          xxxi
xxxii                         xxxii
xxxiii                        xxxii
xxxiv                         xxxiv
xxxv                          xxxv
xxxvi                         xxxvi
xxxvii                        xxxvii
y                             y
yacht                         yacht
yachts                        yacht
yakounines                    yakounin
yankee                        yanke
yeddo                         yeddo
yert                          yert
yet                           yet
yeux                          yeux
yokohama                      yokoham
york                          york
young                         young
zambajon                      zambajon
zeb                           zeb
ze'bre's                      zebr
ze'bus                        ze'bus
ze`le                         zel
ze'le's                       zel
ze'nith                       ze'nith
zigzags                       zigzag
zingarelli                    zingarel
zonders                       zonder
zoroastre                     zoroastr
zurla                         zurl
